This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!
Sign In Create AccountCart DirectoriesShopSearchACMG Foundation
Home
Practice Resources
Advocacy
Education and Events
Membership
About ACMG
ACMG... Be a Part of It
Member-Get-a-Member Campaign
Learn More




Member and Service Locators
Employment Resource Center
Continuing Medical Education
Access
Journals
ACMG Highlights
Clinical utility of polygenic risk scores for embryo selection: A points to consider statement of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG)
Learn More
Section E6.7-6.12 of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG) Technical Laboratory Standards: Cytogenomic studies of acquired chromosomal abnormalities in solid tumors (includes supplemental material) (update of Cooley et al.)
Learn More
Section E6.1–6.6 of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG) Technical Laboratory Standards: Cytogenomic studies of acquired chromosomal abnormalities in neoplastic blood, bone marrow, and lymph nodes (update of Mikhail et al.)
Learn More
More Highlights
Upcoming Events
ClinGen Somatic Cancer and VICC Virtual Molecular Tumor Board Case Series Webinar
Tuesday, April 23 11:00 am – 12:00 pm ET
Register Now!
2024 ACMG Webinars Series: Translating Genes Into Health®
Update on the Regulation of LDTs: FDA, VALID Act, CLIA Modernization, and More Sponsored by the ACMG Advocacy and Government Affairs Committee
Tuesday, May 21 2:00 am – 3:00 pm ET
Register Now!
2024 ACMG Virtual Fall Seminars - Advancements in Genomic Medicine: Navigating Health and Equity Mark Your Calendar
September 10-12, 2024 | 12:00 pm – 2:00 pm ET
Register Here!
2024 ACMG Annual Clinical Genetics Meeting Digital Edition
Learn More
2024 ACMG Genetics Monthly Challenge
Sign up for your question of the month
New ACCME standards are now in effect as of January 1, 2022
Learn More
ACMG Genetics101 for Healthcare Providers
Learn More
News and Releases
Acclaimed Clinical Geneticist Dr. Bruce Korf Honored with 2024 David L. Rimoin Lifetime Achievement Award in Medical Genetics from the ACMG Foundation for Genetic and Genomic Medicine
Learn More
Rory James Tinker, MD Receives the 2024 Richard King Award for Best Publication by a Trainee in Genetics in Medicine
Learn More
The ACMG Foundation for Genetic and Genomic Medicine Presents Seven Next Generation Fellowship Awards at the 2024 ACMG Annual Clinical Genetics Meeting
Learn More
More News Releases
Facebook Feed
Instagram Feed
ShopContact UsCareersNewsroomMarketing OpportunitiesACMG FoundationTerms and Conditions
© 2024 American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics. All rights reserved.
The Find Genetic Services Directory is provided as a general resource for physicians and others seeking medical genetic services. ACMG does not endorse or warrant the quality of the services provided by these individuals or their institutions.