Our office is now closed however you can still

Book a new repair online here
Home
Washing Machine Repairs
Tumble Dryer Repairs
Dishwasher Repairs
Cooker Repairs
Fridge Freezer Repairs
Same Day or Next Day Appliance Repairs throughout Manchester and surrounding areas -
Click here to book online
Welcome to Appliance Care Manchester. We carry out same day / next day repairs to all household kitchen domestic appliances, including Washing Machines, Tumble Dryers, Dishwashers, Cookers, Ovens, Hobs, Fridges, Freezers and American Style Refrigeration right throughout Manchester and surrounding areas. If you need an appliance repairing quickly, give us a call and we can discuss the repair and get your same day / next day repair booked.
Refrigeration
Cooking Appliances
Dishwashers
Washing Machines
Tumble Dryers
Microwaves
Callout within 24 - 48Hrs
Arrive in the agreed timeslot
Fully explain the repair process
No Hidden Charges
Service with pride
Fully insured
Repairs Guaranteed
Professional Service
Click here to book a repair
Recent Feedback:
Howard Evans - 29/03/2024
Very good from start to finish. All booked appointments were kept at the times given. Diagnosis of dishwasher made on first visit, parts ordered and then fitted on second visit. Saved me time and effort. Engineers very friendly and helpful. Removed and replaced built in appliance with no mess left. A great all round positive experience for me with NAC
Mavis Elton - 29/03/2024
The engineer was polite and professional. He treated my home with care. He explained everything I needed to know. He arrived within the time frame. Would highly recommend.
Michael - 29/03/2024
Engineer cheerfully did the parts ordering and fixing of them in double quick time. Most impressed
David Burt - 29/03/2024
daniel came been before to our house to fix appliances very happy and friendly nothing is to much bother to him will use this company again if needed and will recommend to friends and family
Morag Sharpe - 29/03/2024
I was regularly kept updated both about the cost and the Engineer's two visits. A key point to mention is that the upfront cost includes the second visit to carry out the repair (excluding parts). Knowledgeable, pleasant Engineer and upfront costs. Brilliant service and can't recommend NAC highly enough.
Stephen - 29/03/2024
Arrived on time smart polite and very helpful explained everything that he would do can’t ask for more would definitely use again and would recommend to family and friends
Covering Manchester and surrounding areas, including:
Blackburn
Burnley
Bury
Manchester
Oldham
Sale
Salford
Stockport
Tameside
Trafford
Warrington
Wigan
Domestic Appliance Repairs including:
Hotpoint Appliance Repair
Indesit Appliance Repair
Zanussi Appliance Repair
Beko Appliance Repair
LG Appliance Repair
Samsung Appliance Repair
Creda Appliance Repair
Bosch Appliance Repair
Neff Appliance Repair
Electrolux Appliance Repair
AEG Appliance Repair
Caple Appliance Repair
De-Dietrich Appliance Repair
Miele Appliance Repair
Ariston Appliance Repair
Rangemaster Appliance Repair
Candy Appliance Repair
Bosch Appliance Repair
Leisure Appliance Repair
Siemens Appliance Repair

Copyright © 2024 NAC (Domestic Appliances) Ltd Registered in England & Wales 07531907. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Notice | Cookie Policy | Cookie Settings
We use cookies to give you the best experience.
Change Settings