HOME
GALLERY
EDUCATION
EVENTS
SUPPORT
CONTACT
NEWS
FOR ARTISTS
PERFORMANCES
CART (0)
Welcome to Art of the Lakes!
DONATE
Sponsor the Studio Tour!
$50 gets your restaurant a listing with a stop on the map for the 2024 Studio Tour. 
BECOME A SPONSOR
Making Art Happen 
Throughout the year, we host a number of events and activities that highlight the talents of our member artists and provide a place where everyone—young and old—can experience the power of creativity. Besides our notable visual arts classes, we're adding culinary experiences to the menu along with great performances and other enjoyable events you won't want to miss! Check out our Classes and Events pages for upcoming opportunities to add to your enjoyment while living here in Lakes Country! To be informed of all that's happening here at AOTL subscribe now to our monthly newsletter.
SUBSCRIBE
Winter Gallery Hours: Jan. 12 - April 28
Friday & Saturday, 11-5 pm
Sunday, 2- 4pm
Art of the Lakes Fundraiser
FRIDAY MAY 10TH
Thumper Pond Resort
300 Thumper Lodge Rd., Ottertail, MN 56571
Doors open at 6:00pm bingo starts at 7:00 pm

Included with your ticket is a taco bar/salad
Open bar! 
(Starts at 6:00 and continues through the event)

20 games for $45
All dollars raised go towards a summer arts program for kids.
BINGO
CURRENTLY SHOWING
in our gallery is Fibre Expressions thru March 31. We hope you will stop in and say hello.

Exhibition Dates: 
February 16 – March 31 
Creative Arts Center
112 Main Street
The former First Lutheran Church on Main Street is providing much needed space for creative endeavors we're hoping to bring to the Battle Lake community.

Options include rooms for classes, meetings, culinary, working, and creating; as well as, open areas for dancing, exercising, performing, and socializing—the possibilities are countless. There are spaces for hosting large functions as well as intimate gatherings for purposes to inform, educate and to entertain. This new center will be transformative both for Art of the Lakes as well as the community-at-large. We're always looking for new faces interested in helping us bring this dream to life. 

Discounts on workshops and performances throughout the year and so much more are reasons why you and your family should belong to Art of the Lakes.
JOIN TODAY
Creator Spaces

First up in 2024, we plan to build out a ceramics studio, a fiber arts studio, a culinary kitchen, and an improved performing arts space. After these initial areas, we hope to add a glass studio, a digital media lab, and an exhibition space in future months.

The nascent ceramics studio (to the right of the main entrance) now has a shiny new epoxy floor, plus a donated professional kiln and ceramics tools. We also have a washer / dryer for the fiber arts studio. Yet to come are additional equipment, supplies and electrical / HVAC improvements. As these spaces come online, we'll hold open studio events so you can experience them firsthand.
Events
Follow us on Instagram and Facebook
Art of the Lakes provides equal opportunity and access to its facilities and programs to all individuals regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, beliefs, sexual orientation or disability in admission, access or employment. Upon request, accommodations will be provided to individuals who face barriers to participation in AOTL's services, programs, and activities.
Some activities in this organization are made possible by the voters of Minnesota through grants from the Minnesota State Arts Board and the  Lake Region Arts Council, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the Arts and Cultural Heritage fund.
We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! 

Phone (218) 864-8606    |     Email  aotl@arvig.net    |    Address   108 Lake Avenue S. - PO Box 244, Battle Lake, MN 56515