SCHOOLS
TRANSLATE
Students
Families
Staff
Community
About
Academics
Services
Programs
Employment
Aurora Public Schools
Power Your Potential
New to APS
Parent Portal
Calendars
Cafeteria Menus
Previous
Next
At Aurora Public Schools...
We believe that learning opportunities should be as varied and diverse as the world our students live in.
Every day, we work with our community to break down barriers so that students can engage to their fullest potential and shape their own paths forward.
When we advocate alongside students and their families, the future belongs to everyone.
Learn More
Latest News
View All News
Destination Kindergarten Event on April 5
Join us at all of our elementary and PK schools for preschoolers' big day out!
Read More
Jamal Murray Coaches APS Unified Basketball Game!
Murray & UCHealth donate $10,000 to support APS Unified teams.
Read More
Upcoming Events
View Monthly Calendar
MAR
19
Family Climate Survey Open March 19-April 12
All Day
MAR
29
GED Testing
9:00AM - 4:00PM
APR
01
Professional Release Day - NO CLASSES
All Day
1
2
Follow Us
Our Community
Our families are truly our partners in education, which means that we listen, engage and empower families every day. We encourage families to take on leadership roles at our schools and within our district. Please reach out to your child’s school to learn more about partnership opportunities. Subscribe to our newsletters, stay connected via social media and volunteer at our many school and district events.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Our students come from more than 130 countries and speak over 160 languages. Our diversity is not just a feature that we are proud of, but an integral part of who we are as Aurora Public Schools. Every student, staff, family and community member is seen and valued to truly power their potential.
Our Graduates
Aurora Public Schools is one of the state’s leading school districts when it comes to Concurrent Enrollment. Many of our students graduate high school while also earning their Associate’s Degree for FREE through the ASCENT program. In addition, we have a unique partnership with CSU-Global. Aurora Public Schools seniors can apply for the Golden Eagle Scholarship, which provides winners with a full-ride scholarship to CSU-Global.
Contact Us
Aurora Public Schools
15701 E. 1st Ave., Aurora, CO 80011
Phone: 303-344-8060
Fax: 303-326-1280
Follow Us
@aurorak12
Legal Disclaimer
Financial Transparency
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Student Data Privacy and Security
Website Accessibility
Site Map
Login
Website by SchoolMessenger Presence. © 2024 SchoolMessenger Corporation. All rights reserved.