About
Products
Services
Stories
Newsroom
Contact
  Field-friendly technology to enable measurement for better health outcomes
What We Do
Nutrition Programs
To ensure a nutrition program has impact, the target nutrients must reach those that need it most. This means measuring nutrients at every point of the food value chain. As a technical partner, we make this possible.
Food Quality & Safety
We help global food and ingredient producers, research institutes and food testing laboratories to lower nutrient testing costs using our innovative mobile labs.
Animal Nutrition
Optimum vitamin supply is a prerequisite in supporting the health and performance of animals. Our mobile labs enable the assessment of nutritional status within minutes in the field.
Human Diagnostics
BioAnalyt is creating advanced iCheck devices for point-of-care screening using multi-modal sensing tech to diagnose nutritional, metabolic, and inflammatory diseases. The primary application is screening for iron deficiency and anemia with just one blood drop.
Technology &
Services
We empower companies and organizations in over 80 countries around the world with tools to ensure food quality and safety. Our team of expert scientists helps global food and ingredient producers, research institutes and food testing laboratories to lower nutrient testing costs. Our products can measure vitamin A, vitamin E, iron, iodine and carotenoids in foods and beverages.
PRODUCTS
News
Training Attendee Spotlight: Empowering Food Fortification and Control with iCheck in Ghana
Drawing upon the valuable feedback from attendees, including seasoned food analysts Gifty Aidoo and Marian Komey, QuImpact's recent training on iCheck garnered positive recognition. The training's interactive approach, which encouraged active participation and knowledge exchange among participants, was particularly commended.
Read article >
BioAnalyt Stands with Millers for Nutrition: Empowering Communities through Nutrition
Bioanalyt partners with Millers for Nutrition to improve food fortification and nutrition worldwide. Together, as a coalition of multiple organizations and millers, we support the business case for higher fortification standards, share best practices across the industry, and celebrate the success stories.
Read article >
Advancing Health and Sustainability: The Urgency of Food Fortification at COP28
As climate change disrupts food systems and exacerbates micronutrient deficiencies, food fortification emerges as a crucial tool for addressing these challenges. By fortifying staple foods, we can enhance nutrient intake, strengthen immune systems, boost productivity, and promote equity, ultimately contributing to a healthier and more sustainable future.
Read article >
NEWS
Events
SEE ALL EVENTS
Our Funding
Our Partners
Contact
Privacy Policy
Impressum
Career
+49 (0)3328-35150-00
contact@bioanalyt.com
Subscribe to our Newsletter
* indicates required
Email Address *
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our website, scroll to the bottom of the page and click on the "Privacy Policy" link.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Privacy Preference
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Check our Privacy Policy
Accept all cookies
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Cookie preference
Cookie Details Privacy Policy