The Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders strives to protect the American Dream in Central Alabama for housing opportunities for all, while working to promote professional success for its members who build, remodel, and maintain communities, create jobs and improve our local economy.
CONSUMERS
MEMBERS
EVENTS
JOIN OUR ASSOCIATION
HIRE A MEMBER
MEMBERSHIP PORTAL
GBAHB's mission is to advocate for the home building industry by promoting professionalism and developing community through quality-built homes.
Member Services
Join, renew your membership, pay invoices and register for upcoming events today. Members of the GBAHB enjoy networking events, educational opportunities, and the benefits of tireless advocacy on local, state, and national levels.
Join Our Association
Member Services Portal
EFT 2023 Scholarship Application
Members in the News
Talk of Alabama | Greater Bham Assoc. of Homebuilders 2023
by Crystal Gray | ABC33/40 | February 23rd 2023
Builders, at times, get painted in a bad light, but we are good guys. The Greater Birmingham Association of Homebuilder's helps fight for the American Dream and make sure you have a choice in building your dream home.
read the full article
Alabama Builder Elected Chairman of NAHB
By Elizabeth Thompson, National Association of Home Builders Feb 2, 2024
The Home Builders Association of Alabama is proud to announce the installation of Alicia Huey of Birmingham as the 2023 Chairman for the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB)!
read the full article
Additional Mentions
Huey named chairman of the National Association of Home Builders - Birmingham Business Journal
Eye On Housing
State & Local Tax Revenues: 2023 Fourth Quarter Analysis
Mar 28th 2024 : The Census Bureau s Quarterly Summary of State Local Tax Revenue shows a increase in property taxes paid rising from to billion SA trailing four quarter sum in the fourth quarter of Total annual state local tax revenue was trillion also higher than The quarterly increase ...
read full article
Home Prices Increase for January
Mar 27th 2024 : The S P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U S National Home Price Index HPI reported by S P Dow Jones Indices rose at a seasonally adjusted rate of Although this rate has been slowing the previous four months January saw its first uptick from in December On a year-over-year basis the S P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U S National Home ...
read full article
Coastal Construction: Outsized Multifamily Construction Compared to Single-Family
Mar 27th 2024 : As part of the recently published HBGI new NAHB analysis of residential permit data shows that about a quarter of single-family construction takes place in coastal counties Coastal counties as defined by U S Census Bureau are counties that are adjacent to coastal water or a territorial sea These coastal counties are grouped into three regions ...
read full article
Consumer Confidence Remains Stable Despite Concerns About Future
Mar 26th 2024 : Consumer confidence held steady in March with optimism about current conditions offset by concerns about the future economic outlook This pessimism was primarily driven by persistent inflation especially elevated food and gas prices The Consumer Confidence Index reported by the Conference Board stood virtually unchanged at in March the lowest level since November ...
read full article
New Home Sales Hold Steady in February
Mar 25th 2024 : A small rise in mortgage rates in February led to a flat reading for new home sales Sales of newly built single-family homes in February edged lower to a seasonally adjusted annual rate according to newly released data by the U S Department of Housing and Urban Development and the U S Census Bureau The ...
read full article
State Level Employment Situation: February 2024
Mar 22nd 2024 : Nonfarm payroll employment increased in states and the District of Columbia in February compared to the previous month while seven states saw a decrease According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics nationwide total nonfarm payroll employment increased by in February following a gain of jobs in January On a month-over-month basis ...
read full article
Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders
5000 Grantswood Road, Suite 240
Birmingham, AL 35210
205-912-7000 Phone
The Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders (GBAHB) is part of a federation with the Home Builders Association of Alabama and the National Association of Home Builders. This means when you become a GBAHB member, you will also enjoy the benefits of the state and national associations.
Member Services
Join, renew your membership, pay invoices and register for upcoming events today. Members of the GBAHB enjoy networking events, educational opportunities, and the benefits of tireless advocacy on local, state, and national levels.
Join Our Association
Pay Here
Member Services Portal
© 2024 Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions| Contact Us
Burton Advertising