Skip to the content
Insuring Bel Air & All of Maryland
Boyle Insurance Group Provides Car Insurance, Home Insurance, Business Insurance, Life Insurance, Medicare, and Commercial Auto Insurance to Bel Air and All of Maryland
Name
Email
Phone (Optional)
Type of Insurance
Type of Insurance
Personal Insurance
Flood Insurance
Business Insurance
Life Insurance
Medicare
Boyle Insurance Group
(opens in new tab)
Insurance Services
About Us
Policy Service
Contact Us
Auto Insurance (opens in new tab)
Auto Insurance
Homeowners Insurance (opens in new tab)
Homeowners Insurance
Motorcycle Insurance (opens in new tab)
Motorcycle
Insurance
Boat & Marine Insurance (opens in new tab)
Boat & Marine
Insurance
Business Insurance (opens in new tab)
Business
Insurance
Individual Life Insurance (opens in new tab)
Life Insurance
Maryland Independent Insurance Agency
Car Insurance, Home Insurance, Business Insurance, Life Insurance, Medicare, and Commercial Auto Insurance for Bel Air and All of Maryland
Boyle Insurance Group was established in 2014 to continue the legacy of the prior agency, Scarborough & Associates, that was founded in 1955. The Boyle Family has been a part of the insurance agency since 1971. The current owner, Todd Boyle, has been an insurance agent since 2001. The name changed, but the outstanding service that clients have come to expect has not. Boyle aims to continue to serve residents of Harford County and the surrounding Baltimore metropolitan area for years to come.
Our Mission – is to provide everyone the knowledge to effectively choose the insurance protection that fulfills their needs against the everyday risks we all encounter. We strive to accomplish this by building relationships with a human touch, with impeccable service and at the lowest possible cost.
Located in Bel Air, Maryland, our agents are licensed in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, and Washington DC. Boyle Insurance Group aims to provide insurance packages that adequately protect your family, business and assets.
Todd Boyle
Insurance Agent/Owner
ERIE's YourTurn® Program
There is a new way Erie Insurance is looking out for you and wants to help you stay safe on the road.
LEARN MORE
(OPENS IN NEW TAB)
SPECIALIZING IN ERIE INSURANCE
Erie Insurance has been helping customers since 1925 with their auto, home, business, and life insurance needs.
"ERIE Auto Insurance Quote" (opens in new tab)
"ERIE Pay Your Bill" (opens in new tab)
"ERIE Life Insurance Calculator" (opens in new tab)
Read what satisfied customers have said about Boyle Insurance Group.
SEE ALL REVIEWS
(OPENS IN NEW TAB)
See All Reviews
Recent News & Updates
How Long Does Term Life Insurance Last?
HOW LONG DOES TERM LIFE INSURANCE LAST?
POSTED: MARCH 28, 2024
Here’s an obvious statement: day-to-day living costs add up fast. That’s why life insurance is so important. It allows you to protect your loved ones when you’re gone.Think of the impact of losing not only your income but all the other contributions you make to the family.Could they cover the mortgage or monthly bills without you?Do you have enough saved to pay for funeral expenses?What...
Guaranteed Replacement Cost for Commercial Property Owners
GUARANTEED REPLACEMENT COST FOR COMMERCIAL PROPERTY OWNERS
POSTED: MARCH 27, 2024
If you own a business, you understand the importance of safeguarding your assets. While this kind of protection addresses both liability and the personal safety and health of your staff, it also includes the substantial investment you’ve made in the commercial property that allows your business to flourish.With inflation as a priority concern, business owners who are keen to fully protect their commercial property investments...
Policy Service
File a Claim
Take advantage of the insurance carriers’ 24/7 Claim Support Service to report a claim directly to the insurance company or contact Agency Insurance.
FILE A CLAIM
(OPENS IN NEW TAB)
Online Billing & Payments
Pay your premiums by EFT (Electronic Funds Transfer), e-check or by credit card.
MAKE A PAYMENT
(OPENS IN NEW TAB)
ABOUT US
About Us
Meet Our Staff
Customer Reviews
Our Insurance Carriers
Join Our Mailing List
Insurance Blog
INSURANCE
Auto Insurance
Homeowners Insurance
Business Insurance
Life Insurance
Medicare
POLICY SERVICE
Policy Service Center
Online Billing & Payments
File A Claim
Policy Change Request
CONTACT US
Boyle Insurance Group
115 E Churchville Rd
Bel Air, Maryland 21014
Phone: (410) 838-7206
Fax: (410) 838-8185
Mon-Fri: 8:30am-4:30pm
Sat-Sun: Closed
Google Maps Logo (opens in new tab)
Yelp Logo (opens in new tab)
Facebook Logo (opens in new tab)
X Logo (opens in new tab)
LinkedIn Logo (opens in new tab)
Boyle Insurance Group Provides Car Insurance, Home Insurance, Business Insurance, Life Insurance, Medicare, and Commercial Auto Insurance to All of Maryland, Including Bel Air, Fallston, and Forest Hill. Medicare Disclaimer: We do not offer every plan available in your area. Any information we provide is limited to those plans we do offer in your area. Please contact Medicare.gov or 1-800-MEDICARE to get information on all of your options.
© Copyright 2024, Boyle Insurance Group | Privacy Statement | Accessibility Statement | Login
Insurance Websites
(opens in new tab)