  THE
Immigration Experience,
Simplified
At Boundless, we navigate the complexities of immigration with ease, bringing families together and supporting businesses in building a global workforce.
For Individuals
For Businesses
Individuals & families
Making immigration easier, step by step
Let us guide you to the right visa with an easy online application process, guidance at every stage, and unlimited live support. Success guaranteed.
Find the right visa for you
Find your visa in 5 minutes
Get started
Help for families & individuals
USCIS fee increase: What you need to know
Marriage Green Card via Adjustment of Status
Marriage Green Card for an Immigrant Spouse
K-1 Fiancé Visa
B-1/B-2 Travel Visa
See all immigrant and nonimmigrant visa services
Complete Visa Applications, Ready to Ship
Live Support, Every Day
Lawyer Support for One Flat Fee
Money Back Guarantee
Why Choose Boundless
100,000+ visas approved and counting
Our team of skilled lawyers, former government officials, and expert application guides is committed to simplifying your immigration experience.
See what you get with Boundless
“Worth the money in every way! The thorough checks and organization made everything so simple. They were always available for quick responses to questions, and I love the ability to meet with an attorney when you’re in that step of the process.”
JC and Noel, November 2023
Read our customer stories
Business
Business, but make it Boundless
Our platform simplifies corporate immigration — bringing lawyers, internal stakeholders, and international employees together in one place. We centralize case preparation and risk management, using advanced automation for efficiency. Our dedicated teams provide full support, directly aiding your company’s growth through every step of the immigration journey.
See how we can help
Discover how Boundless fuels your growth
Read client stories
Corporate immigration solutions
All-in-one platform
In-house legal team
Proactive case management
Empowered HRs
Enhanced employee experience
Reduce Your Workload
Our team of seasoned lawyers, along with smart software, handle all the document and data management for you.
Hire Faster
Accelerate hiring with us: We can cut time-to-hire in half, streamline team processes, and provide innovative visa solutions for key candidates.
Uncomplicate Compliance
Our team tracks the dynamic immigration landscape, constantly refining our processes and platform so you and your international employees stay compliant without lifting a finger.
1,000+ Clients, 100,000+ Success Stories
News & Reports
Read all
Boundless Immigration News Weekly Recap: March 29, 2024
March 29, 2024
USCIS Fees To Increase In April 2024
March 27, 2024
What is a B-2 Visa for Household Members?
March 27, 2024
Mutants and Migration: The Extraordinary Challenges of Immigration in a Superhero Universe
March 27, 2024
About Boundless
Immigration Services
Immigration Lawyers
Boundless Immigration Reviews
Careers at Boundless
Press Coverage
Privacy & Security
Terms of Use
Green Cards
Green Card Costs
Green Card Renewal
The Green Card Interview
Adjustment of Status
Removal of Conditions, Explained
Marriage Green Card Guide
Marriage Green Card Timeline
U.S. Citizenship
Citizenship Costs
The Citizenship Test, Explained
Citizenship Test Questions and Answers
U.S. Citizenship Requirements
Dual Citizenship
Documents Required for Citizenship
Citizenship Timeline
Immigration Forms and Fees
About Form I-130
About Form I-130A
About Form I-131
About Form N-400
About Form I-485
About Form I-864
About Form I-129F
About Form I-90
Forms DS-260 and DS-261
About Form I-765
Additional Resources
Immigration Blog
Immigration News
Visa Bulletin
DACA, Explained
The Green Card Number, Explained
K-1 Fiancé Visa, Explained
K-3 Visa, Explained
The Medical Exam, Explained
Alien Registration Number, Explained
Guías de Inmigración en Español
Tarjetas de Residencia Matrimoniales, Explicadas
Formulario I-130
Explicación de la Visa K-1
Qué Documentos Necesitamos para una Tarjeta de Residencia por Matrimonio?
Copia Certificada de Acta de Nacimiento
Immigrating to the USA from Mexico
Que es DACA?
CONTACT US
300 Lenora Street #521,
Seattle, WA 98121
(855) 268-6353
be@boundless.com
© 2017–2024 Boundless Immigration Inc.
Boundless is not a law firm, but is affiliated with Boundless Legal, a non-traditional law firm, authorized by the Utah Supreme Court’s Office of Legal Services Innovation to offer certain legal services in the area of immigration law. As part of this authorization, Boundless and Boundless Legal’s owners and managers are not lawyers, but do employ licensed attorneys. This means that some services or protections, such as the attorney-client privilege, may be different from those you could get from a traditional law firm. This service is being provided by an entity that is not a traditional legal provider. This entity is owned/managed (fully or partially) by nonlawyers who are not subject to the same rules as lawyers. For more information click here. Boundless is not affiliated with or endorsed by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) or any other government agency. Blank immigration forms with written instructions, including for spousal visas, are available for free at the USCIS website. Use of the Boundless website and its services are subject to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Nothing on this website, including guides and resources, is to be considered legal advice. For legal advice specific to your case, please consult with a licensed attorney. Attorney services are provided by independent attorneys and are subject to a separate Attorney Agreement. If you have questions, please contact us at attorneys@boundless.com.