CBM Logo - Christian Blind Mission .st0{fill:#C71F25;} .st1{fill-rule:evenodd;clip-rule:evenodd;fill:#C71F25;} .st2{fill:#FAB91A;}
In Action
Worldwide
Get Involved
About CBM
News
Easy to Read Accessibility
Display search
CBM
Skip Header Carousel
Previous
World Water Day: CBM builds wells for healthy eyes
Read more...
Next
1234567
Skip Header Carousel
©CBM
CBM Inclusive Eye Health Report 2023:
CBM Funded Tech is Making Eye Care Accessible for All
The CBM Inclusive Eye Health Annual Report 2023 highlights CBM's innovative approaches such as the use of Peek Vision technology in Pakistan and Kenya to reach underserved communities and the training of local health workers to expand sustainable eye health services.
Read more
CBM's CBID Report 2023:
Building Inclusive Communities from the Ground Up
Community Based Inclusive Development (CBID) is a way of working that ensures persons with disabilities are respected and included in their communities on an equal basis, in all aspects of life. CBM's CBID work focuses specifically on disaster risk reduction for persons with disabilities, inclusive health, inclusive education and livelihoods. Our global CBID portfolio currently includes 166 projects implemented with 135 partners in 30 countries.
Read more
Our Vision, Mission and Values
Our Vision: An inclusive world in which all persons with disabilities enjoy their human rights and achieve their full potential.
Our Mission: CBM is an international Christian development organisation, committed to improving the quality of life of persons with disabilities in the poorest countries of the world...
Read more

Overview of CBM Reach in 2022
391
Projects funded
8.8 Million
People receiving services
44
Countries
298
Partners
CBM in Numbers
The year 2022 was a testament to CBM's unwavering commitment to improving the quality of life for persons with disabilities, even in the face of countless challenges. Despite global crises such as the war in Ukraine and rising prices, 62 million people in Africa, Asia and Latin America received support from CBM. That is 10 million more people than in the previous year. 
Read More

Latest News
21.03.2024
CBM builds wells for healthy eyes
Bacterial eye disease can be prevented with clean water.
CBM
13.03.2024
Lions Foundation Collaborates with CBM to Improve Eye Health Services in Ethiopia
The Lions Foundation Germany, CBM and Cheshire Ethiopia are revolutionising eye care in Ethiopia through a strategic partnership. Learn more about the commitment to comprehensive eye care in Africa's oldest independent country.
08.03.2024
Empower Every Woman with Disabilities
"Today is about standing up for women's rights and not about reinforcing traditional roles."
CBM/Bothe
04.03.2024
Transforming Global Hearing Health by Changing Mindsets and Fighting Stigma
Celebrate World Hearing Day 2024 with us as we transform global hearing health by changing mindsets and fighting stigma. Learn how we are making ear and hearing care accessible to all.
©Zero Project/Rupert Pessl
23.02.2024
CBM Celebrates Triple Win at the Zero Project Conference at the United Nations Office at Vienna
The Zero Project Award is given to projects that address the needs and rights of persons with disabilities. It aims to contribute to global efforts to create a more just, equitable, and inclusive society – a world without barriers.
©CBM/argum/Einberger
16.02.2024
Disability Disaggregated Data in Disaster Risk Reduction
Our in-depth analysis explores the challenges and opportunities that arise when collecting disability-disaggregated data in disaster-prone contexts and how such data can be used to improve disaster risk reduction programmes.
Show more
Newsletter
Sign up now!
E-Mail *
Subscribe
Donate now
Contact
Legal Notice
Terms and Conditions
CBM Privacy Policy
Follow us on
Facebook
Linkedin
YouTube
Twitter
© CBM