Skip to main content
CIOB Home
Main navigation
Membership
Learning
Events
Industry
About CIOB
Open search
Search CIOB
Submit
User account menu
Join Us
Log In
Get in Touch
Leading the cultural shift
For 190 Years
We are the world's largest and most influential professional body for construction management and leadership.
Join us and become a member
Celebrating 190 years of global influence
Construction history was made in 1834 when a group of Master Builders came together in London to create The Builders’ Society. Fast-forward to today, our name may have changed, but our commitment to uphold professional standards, drive innovation and support the industry’s people remains as strong.
We’re now joined by 48,000 members across 100 countries dedicated to leading a cultural shift in the built environment. This celebration not only reflects on the heritage of our remarkable creators, but also looks forward to those influencing a brighter future.
About us
We have a Royal Charter to promote the science and practice of building and construction for the benefit of society, and we’ve been doing that since 1834. Our members work worldwide in the development, conservation and improvement of the built environment.
Find out more about us
Our Events
Every year the CIOB organises hundreds of CPD and networking events, award ceremonies and competitions across the globe.
Browse all events
Supporting Our Members
We’re all united in a passion for our industry, but we’re also passionate about the people who make up this community. This is why through CIOB Assist we offer support on everything from financial concerns to mental health issues and training help.
Learn about CIOB Assist
Find out more about CIOB
Our News
All News
Download our app
Industry news, networking, training and more for our construction management community.
What we do
About Us
Working at CIOB
Volunteering
Sponsorships
News
CIOB Websites
Art of Building Photography Competition
BIM Portal
CIOB Academy
CIOB Jobs Website
Construction Management Magazine
CIOB Awards
Global Construction Review Magazine
Global Student Challenge
Members' Forum
CIOB Assist
Privacy & Policies
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy Notice
Accessibility Statement
Contact
Customer Services
Our Locations
Digital Accessibility Centre
AA Certified
Cyber Essentials
Certified Plus
The Chartered Institute of Building 3 Arlington Square, Downshire Way, Bracknell, RG12 1WA, UK | tel: +44 (0) 1344 630700 | Registered Charity No. (England and Wales) 280795 (Scotland) SC041725 | Registered VAT No. 492 0644 43
Like the CIOB Facebook page
Visit the CIOB LinkedIn page
Follow the CIOB Twitter page
Visit the CIOB YouTube page
View the CIOB Instagram page
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
Find out more...
No, I decline
Yes, I agree