Careers
Customer Portal
Service Status
Remote Access
Call us on 0345 095 7000
IT Solutions
Sectors
About Us
Resources
Careers
Contact us
Search
Sectors
BCN Healthcare
The healthcare sector is continuing its investment in technology to provide better services to patients, reduce costs, and empower their teams.
Get a quote
IT SUPPORT HEALTHCARE
BCN Healthcare have a heritage of delivering outcome-based solutions across Analytics, Automation, and Cloud-based services and currently support over 80 healthcare organisations across three continents, underpinned by our sector experts since 2008.
About BCN Healthcare
As a leading provider of IT infrastructure and clinical solutions for the healthcare sector, BCN Healthcare work in partnership with your operational and technology teams, identifying targeted improvements to unlock the performance of your technology investments and delivering on your key objectives and outcomes.
BCN Healthcare specialise in forming customer partnerships that deliver long-lasting value and performance. Our partnerships last, based on our best practice approach to customer engagements that are supported by our advisory, delivery and support services.
Get a quote
Request a call back
CHALLENGES
Technology challenges for the Healthcare sector.
The healthcare sector is at a turning point. Organisations are having to re-think the ways in which they bring together their people and processes, ensure their data is standardised and providing actionable insights, whilst manage the practical challenges of backlogs and staffing shortages caused by the pandemic.
Despite the challenges that lie ahead, healthcare IT solutions and digital strategies provide real opportunities for organisations to improve the operational challenges they face. Below are the three core challenges that BCN Healthcare help organisations address.
Digital Transformation
Technology is playing a significant part in our everyday lives and has huge potential to improve how the NHS delivers its services to patients. BCN Healthcare services enable NHS Trust’s to realise their digital potential, connecting staff, internal process, and the patients they care for through insight-led, user-designed solutions.
Budgeting and Resourcing
Process Improvements
Procurement Challenges
FEATURED SOLUTIONS
Better experiences, better insights, better care
Explore our range of innovative healthcare IT solutions.
Public View
BCN’s performance monitoring and benchmarking service for NHS leaders. Focus on where to improve services to patients andfast-track the creation of your Integrated Performance Report with Public View Board Pack.
Public View
EasySPC
Our Microsoft certified Power BI custom visual that enables you to create Statistical Process Control (SPC) Charts using your own data. Monitor process variation and identify bottlenecks in your processes with this out the box solution.
EasySPC
Microsoft Power Platform
Need something more flexible? Harness the power of low-code tools to do the heavy lifting. Analyse data, automate processes, and build apps, websites and virtual agents with BCN’s deep NHS Power Platform capabilities.
Microsoft Power Platform
Data Warehousing
Our data warehousing services will centralise and consolidate your data from its sources, enabling you to report, analyse, and take informed decisions from your data. Find out more about BCN’s templated approach for Azure data warehousing for ESR.
Data Warehousing
OUR HEALTHCARE IT EXPERTS
Been there, done IT
Here at BCN, we understand the importance of keeping patient data safe, monitoring and improving processes, and staying up to date with the latest technologies. Our experts have worked within the NHS across management roles and have since supported the digital journeys of NHS Trusts across the country.
Get in touch to find out more about our end-to-end user-centred design capabilities, intellectual property and large-scale managed services that will enable you to focus on providing lifesaving care.
Request a call back
CUSTOMER STORIES
See how we've helped transform businesses like yours
Explore all customer stories
01
 / 06
Rotherham NHS Foundation Trust
Connecting multiple data sources and transforming the way their performance data is collected, presented, disseminated, and analysed, BCN harnessed Power BI to link the Trust’s data sources and create near real-time data visualisations for 250,000 outpatient appointments.
View Case Study
HEALTHCARE
POWER BI
WHY BCN?
People and partnerships since 2008
Our end-to-end capabilities, people, and technology partnerships give us an unrivalled ability to get to the heart of your challenges. BCN’s success in the healthcare sector stems from the partnerships we have built with our customers and technology partners. Find out more about the BCN approach we take to our customer engagements.
Get a quote
Request a callback
WHY BCN?
Reasons to choose BCN Healthcare for your next IT project
We build lasting customer partnerships by delivering a best practice approach to all aspects of service delivery. From guidance on strategy, to encouraging wide adoption and engagement, we empower your teams through knowledge transfer. Our Approach covers three areas…
Get in touch
Support
We provide day-to-day practical support and advice to maximise the value and performance of your solutions.
Advisors
Strategic expertise. We identify the technology and processes that led to operational ‘wins’ and unlock your performance.
Delivery
We deliver operational performance improvements through the design and delivery of innovative Microsoft Power Platform solutions for analytics and automation.
FRAMEWORKS
Approved suppliers on UK Government frameworks
BCN Group are approved suppliers on several UK Government frameworks, giving you the visibility you need to make your procurement process simpler, avoiding the need for lengthy tender processes. BCN Group are on the following frameworks for our healthcare customers:
G-Cloud 13
G-Cloud 13 is an agreement where public sector customers can buy cloud-based computing services such as hosting, software, and cloud support. In addition to many off the shelf, pay as-you-go cloud solutions, like BCN’s Public View and EasySPC software.
Digital Outcomes 6
Digital Outcomes 6 is a Crown Commercial Service route to market for public sector customers to access agile development and user-centred design services to accelerate innovation. BCN offer customers bespoke custom application services to meet your needs.
Partnerships
BCN Group can also access other frameworks through our partnership network, this enables all public sector organisations including NHS to access our products and services.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Digital solutions for the modern business
Data and Analytics
Data and Analytics
Unlock the performance of your Trust with BCN’s Data and Analytics services. Find out how you can make more informed decisions, faster so you can spend time on the things that matter most.
Data and Analytics
Business Applications and Development
Cyber Security
Infrastructure and Cloud
Modern Workplace
Managed and Professional Services
AI AND MICROSOFT COPILOT
28.03.24
Four things we’ve learned from our Copilot roll-out
Find out more
NEWS
15.03.24
BCN Wins Best Performing IT Managed Services Company at Megabuyte50 awards
Find out more
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT
15.03.24
How to Decide on the Right Development Approach for Your Business Apps
Find out more
Ready to grow your business? Let's talk tech
Follow the link or speak to one of our experts on 0345 095 7000
Get in touch
Sign up to our newsletter
We’d be delighted to chat to you about how we may be able to help and support with your IT requirements.
info@bcn.co.uk
0345 095 7000
Opening Hours: Mon-Fri 8am to 6pm
IT Solutions
Sectors
About
Resources
Careers
Customer Portal
Service Status
Remote Access
Manchester
Second Floor, Building 4
Manchester Green
331 Styal Rd
Manchester
M22 5LW
View in maps
London
1 Delta Park
Smugglers Way
Wandsworth
London
SW18 1EG
View in maps
Leeds
First Floor, Darwin House
Valley Park
7 Savannah Way
Leeds
LS10 1AB
View in maps
Liverpool
The Heath Business Park
Runcorn
Cheshire
WA7 4QX
View in maps
Belfast
6 Pilot House
Pilots View
Heron Road
Belfast
BT3 9LE
View in maps
Reading
Suite 4
Campus
Reading International
Reading
RG2 6DA
View in maps
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Declaration
©BCN Group 2023
;