Menu
Donate
Need Help?
LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS
An animals love just keeps going and going and going. It’s unconditional and unlimited. That’s why we take the same approach with everyone who comes through our doors - four legs or two.
Adopt A Dog
Our dogs are looking for a home where they’re loved and a family to help them live their lives to the fullest. Read on if you think that could be you.
Meet Our Dogs
Adopt a Cat
Our cats are ready to find a home with someone who will love and care for them for the rest of their lives. Could this be you?
Meet Our Cats
Our Cause
We give our all to keep loving homes whole and keep pets where they belong – with their families. When that’s not possible, we take them in and love them as if they’re our own. We give every dog and cat the best level of care possible, from food and healthcare to toys and training – all to get them ready for their future family. With open doors and open minds, we aim to break down the stigma people can face when they hit hard times. Because we believe there’s goodness inside every pet and person.
LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS
Pet Safe Flowers
March 21, 2024 by Betty Henderson
We all love brightening our homes with some flowers, especially in the springtime, but did you know that some common flower choices are deadly poisonous to dogs and cats? However, pet-safe flowers do exist - read on to learn more!
Read Article
The danger of misunderstanding dog body language 
March 15, 2024 by Betty Henderson
As pet owners, we often think we know what our dog is telling us better than anyone, however new studies have shown that a general misinterpretation of dog body language is linked to a rise in cases of dog bites.
Read Article
Need Help?
Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home is here for more than just our animals. Our mission is to be there for every pet, and owner in their hour of need. Click here to see how we can help.
Find Out More
0131 669 5331
Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home
26 Seafield Road East
Edinburgh
EH15 1EH
ABOUT
Governance
Fundraising Practises
Privacy
LATEST
News
Jobs
Publications
CONTACT US
Contact Us
FAQs
Feedback
Sign Up
© 2024 Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home. All Rights Reserved. Scottish Charity No. SC 006914
Site by Primate.