Skip to content
Edward Bulmer Natural Paint
Search
Menu
Order a FREE Colour Chart
Confused with colour choices? We're here to help.
Book a consultancy with us
Shop all colours
Shop our Pinks
100% Natural
Choose your samples
Available in our full range of colours
Lifting The Lid
On mainstream paint
Our paint doesn't cost the Earth. We are proud to be natural, toxin-free and completely transparent about how we make our paint while protecting the planet's biodiversity.
Why Our Natural Paint
Plant-based paints naturally created
Conscious Colour
Honestly eco-friendly
Colour Charts
Colour Consultancy
Our experts have been taught by the best, Edward always emphasizes the importance of mastering the way we use natural pigments to create our colours and this specialist knowledge gives our experts a unique understanding of our colours.
Pick the Best Colour for You
Natural Paint Picture Gallery
Browse stunning spaces adorned with our non-toxic, eco-friendly natural paints that promote a healthier living environment
Articles & Inspiration
Browse beautiful images and inspiration as well as informative articles.
Explore our range of pinks
How to Decorate with Pinks
The Colourful Past
Edward Bulmer’s first book
Be inspired to go green
5 Glorious Green Interior Colour Ideas
DIY Tips & Tricks
How to Paint Your Walls
View All
@EdwardBulmerPaint
T H E B E S T O F B L U E Want to know why you should try our blues? Whether you go for a green blue or grey blue, our blues are all warm and soft; with unrivalled depth thanks to the finest earth & mineral pigments and of course created by our in house ‘colour man’, designer and artist @edward_bulmer From country house to farmhouse, we have a blue to suit your space: 1. One of our favourite hallways painted in ‘Turquoise’, a project by @dbpaulsomerset 2. Eildon Hall painted in ‘Ethereal Blue’ looking through to ‘Lilac Pink’, designed by @oliviaemeryinteriors 3. ‘Cerullian Blue’ by designers @bellamyandsingle. A popular colour in the 17th century and absolutely perfect in this farmhouse style kitchen. In our Easter newsletter we show you how to decorate with blue, sign up by heading to the link in bio 💙
TIME TO LET THE LIGHT IN⁠..⁠ This West facing garden hall in a former rectory in Wiltshire has been brought back to life and flooded with light with walls painted in 'Creami Colour'. A good yellowy off white, comforting at the same time as enhancing the proportions of the room, effortlessly.⁠ ⁠ For these high ceilings try an off white such as, 'Fair White' or 'Spanish White' to achieve the look.⁠ Globe lanterns by the inimitable @jamb_london, hung low to fill this volume of space, beautifully designed by @tamsynmasondesign.⁠ ⁠ We have some special Easter inspiration coming to your inboxes at the end of this week, so make sure you are signed up to 'The Colour Supplement' for weekly news, colourful musings and interiors updates - link in bio.⁠ ⁠ And finally, for a bit of extra help on getting your whites rights this Spring, take a look at our blog on how to choose a neutral hue to suit your space, link in bio 🍦⁠ ⁠ Design @tamsynmasondeisgn ⁠ Photography by @annaprideauxphotography⁠ ⁠
A creative workforce! We spent yesterday morning @royalacademyarts with @walpole_uk for #luxuryinthemaking. @walpole_uk are the voice of the British luxury sector, representing over 250 of the UK's finest brands, of which we are one, having been selected as a Brand of Tomorrow in 2023. The Luxury market is made up of businesses delivering dynamic growth & protecting the high value, highly skilled jobs the sector supports whilst bringing in a monumental £81bn per year to the UK economy. From innovation and distribution to the artisans behind not only our brand, but all of the leading brands that make up the rich tapestry and eco-system of the Walpole repertoire. From skill sets that need investing in and preserving, to unique craftsmanship, @walpole_uk's new luxury report explores the culture and individuality behind the brands it represents, we are so excited to move forward with them and be natural paint representatives! From time to time, we all need encouragement to step outside our silos by collaborating, building relationships with fellow makers, designers, builders and creators. Focusing on ‘The aura of luxury’ whilst looking at circularity from all perspectives, means British luxury can raise the bar globally. Creating more jobs, furthering education, embracing diversity and always leaving room for growth and transformation. So, join us @edwardbulmerpaint as we continue to embrace pivotal change and focus on sustainability, beautiful interiors and colours without compromise, the proof is in the p̶u̶d̶d̶i̶n̶g̶ paint! A natural paint solution available for all, for people and planet before profit. *This report was collated in association with @frontierecon
Our fabled ‘Fawn’ at the home of @nigelslater. These neutral tones evoke such serenity, perfect for a Sunday. Stoney hues such as ‘Fawn’, ‘Stone White’ and ‘Portland’ are origin colours, which explains why they induce feelings of calm and homeliness. Stone is a precious material that humankind have used for millennia, and is the foundation and building block of history and architecture. Read more into our neutrals on our website and if you’re thinking of re-decorating this Spring, sign up to ‘The Colour Supplement’ where week by week we share with you palettes, styling and colour advice, see you there! Link in bio 🤎
The Colour Supplement
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
CONTACT US
01544 388 535
info@edwardbulmerpaint.co.uk
OUR NEW LONDON SHOWROOM
194 Ebury Street, SW1W 8UP
PAINT ADVICE
Choosing Finishes
Practical Advice
FAQs
Technical Data Sheets
Colour Disclaimer
WHY OUR PAINT?
Responsible Design by Edward Bulmer
Pioneering Plant Based Paint
Our Honest Ingredients
Lifting the Lid
ABOUT
Our Team
Our Film
Our Paint
Careers
QUICK LINKS
Shop Natural Paint
Shop Preparatory Products
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
© 2024 Natural Paint UK Ltd. Registered in England & Wales (11061886).
Court Of Noke, Pembridge, Herefordshire, HR6 9HW
Privacy Policy
Delivery & Returns
Contact Us


Account
Basket
Our office and London showroom will be closed on Good Friday and Easter Monday, although the showroom is open 10-5pm on Saturday 30th March. We shall be back to freshly mix up your paint on Tuesday 2nd April.
Dismiss