Adult Courses
Higher Education
Junior Courses
Accommodation
About Us
Prices
Enrol
Founded 1989
Welcome to ETC International College
Adult Courses
Students aged 16+
Junior Courses
Students aged 14 - 15
Young Learners
New to 2023, students aged 16-17
FEHE Courses
Further & Higher Education Courses
Enrol
Start your journey
Contact
Get in touch
Study English in Bournemouth, England!
ETC International College is a leading English language, higher and further education college in Bournemouth and is your solution to learning English within an English environment. We are passionate about language learning and aim to provide professional, qualified teaching in a relaxed atmosphere.
Experience the UK like never before, learn in an authentic, but modern environment and make friendships that last a lifetime.
This week at ETC...
Views Navigation
Event Views Navigation
Photo
Now
 - 
4/1/2024
Select date.
MAR
29
03/04/2022 @ 4:00 pm - 03/11/2024 @ 5:00 pm BST Event Series
TENNIS
Free
MAR
29
4:00 pm - 5:00 pm Event Series
VOLLEYBALL
APR
1
4:00 am - 5:00 am Event Series
BILLIARDS
Free
Previous
Events
Today
Next
Events
Subscribe to calendar
Watch our latest videos...
A Day in the Life of a Student at ETC
About ETC International College
Nuestro video de ETC International College en Espanol
Top 5 Tips for Studying in the UK
Young Learners Programme!
Available for students aged 16 - 17 years old.
Returning in 2024, the Young Learners Homestay Programme for students aged 16-17 provides more autonomy than the junior programme. Students can enjoy the independence offered to adult students, whilst taking part in full day excursions and optional activities. Students can stay in either residence or homestay accommodation during their time at ETC. All our homestays are DBS checked and inspected regularly, whilst students staying in residence accommodation are safe and secure with CCTV and staff safeguarding on-site 24/7.
Click here for further information
Accreditations and Affiliations
ETC Exceeds Expectations in ISI Report Accredited by the British Council for Teaching of English in the UK ETC has Student Route Status A Member of English UK Other Affiliates
The ISI is an approved educational oversight body authorised by the UK Visas and Immigration (UKVI) to carry out inspections following the UK’s framework for Educational Oversight. ETC International College was awarded Grade 1 (Exceeds Expectations) in all categories of their ISI Report in November 2012 and 2013, including:
Quality of the curriculum.
Teaching and learners’ achievement.
Students’ welfare (including health and safety and the effectiveness of governance, leadership and management).
 
View our ISI Report
2024   View our ISI Report 2021   View our ISI Report 2018   View our ISI Report 2016   View our ISI Report 2015   View our ISI Report 2013   View our ISI Report 2012
  Hi everyone I would like to recommend you study English language with ETC International College, I have been studying here for 7 months and I improve a lot. You can find as many great teachers here that would you help you, also you can find students from many countries!! Come here and enjoy with us!!!
Natalia Correa
Colombia
This school is cheap price and there are many good teachers and students. It’s near the Bournemouth square. So it’s easy to go to pub or eat delicious food. The staffs are also so kind that you can get many helps if you need help. I recommend this school. You can enjoy British life here.
Sinho Lee
South Korea
ETC school of English is the place where you learn English under high quality standards, find different alternatives to invest your free time and make new friends from all over the world. ETC language school offers an integral way of learning English and it keeps its promise.
Camila Vélez
Colombia
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I enrol at ETC International College?
To enrol at ETC, click the button below to complete the enrolment form. Once you have completed this enrolment form, a member of our admissions staff will contact you with further information.
Click here to enrol at ETC
What is my current English level?
You will take an English test on your first Monday studying at ETC. We use this test to learn your current level of English which helps us know in which class you would learn best.
If you would like to take an English test early we have an online test that is available. It is free to take this test.
Click here to take the English test
What is the minimum age of study?
Students must be aged 16+ years old to study on an Adult course from September to May. In June, July and August, our Junior Programme is available for students aged 12 to 17 years old.
I have another question. How do I contact you?
Contacting a member of ETC is really easy! Complete the contact form below and we will make sure your enquiry is answered as soon as possible.
About Bournemouth
What makes Bournemouth so amazing?
With a population of just over 163,000, it is large enough to have all the facilities of a big town but small enough that you should never feel lost!
Bournemouth has over 7 miles (11km) of award-winning sandy beaches and over 200 restaurants & bars.
Coaches and trains run several times every hour to and from London.
You can fly from many European cities to Bournemouth or nearby Southampton airport.
Bournemouth has so much to see and do throughout the year. You can take a look at the latest events in the area by clicking here. With over 6 million visitors each year, Bournemouth is the perfect place to study and relax. Did you know that Bournemouth was founded in 1810? Famous residents both past and present include JRR Tolkien, Alex James, Christian Bale, Jane Goodall, Harry Redknapp and more. Mary Shelley, author of Frankenstein, is buried in Bournemouth. Bournemouth is home to Bournemouth AFC, a Premier League league football team. Vitality Stadium is the club’s home ground.
Contact us
If you would like to ask us a question please complete the form below. If your request is urgent please contact the emergency telephone. You will have received this number in your welcome pack and in your acceptance letter.
Contact Us
Your Name *
Email *
Type of enquiry *
   I want a price
I have another question
  Your course price request
Student Name *
Which date do you wish to start? *
How old is the student? (minimum age 14) *
Which course do you want to study? *
   General English (Standard) 20 lessons per week
General English (Intensive) 24 lessons per week
General English (Super Intensive) 28 lessons per week
General English (Full Immersion) 40 lessons per week
IELTS Exam Preparation
B2 First Preparation
C1 Advanced Preparation
Specialist English (Business English, Medical English etc.)
Further and Higher Education (e.g. BTEC, UFP)
  How many weeks do you wish to study for? *
1
Do you want accommodation? *
   Yes, Homestay (Single room, half board)
Yes, Homestay (Shared room, half board)
Yes, Residence (Single room, limited availability)
Yes, Residence (Single room, half board, limited availability)
Yes, Residence (Shared room, no meals)
Yes, Residence (Shared room, half board)
No, I will arrange my own accommodation
  Any additional information (optional)
Submit
22-26 West Hill Road | Bournemouth | BH2 5PG | Careers | Teacher Portal | Contact Us
Phone: +44 (0) 1202 559 044 Fax: +44 (0) 1202 780 162 Email: english@etc-inter.net
Registered address: 21 Church Road, Parkstone, Poole, BH14 8UF. Registered in the UK as Educational Training Centre (UK) Ltd, trading as ETC International College registration number: 2534867.
Toggle the Widgetbar