EUROPARC Federation
Login Register
Selectați limba▼
About us
Training & Events
Awards
European Day of Parks
European Policy
Knowledge Hub
Greening Plans
Library
News
Managing Parks
Sustainable Tourism
Transboundary Parks
Climate Change
Youth
Healthy Parks Healthy People
Outdoor Sports
contact us
subscribe
join us
Join the European Day of Parks!
Let's bring policy decisions to life
About us
The largest Network of European Protected Areas
We are the EUROPARC Federation and we represent hundreds of responsible authorities and thousands of Protected Areas in 40 countries. We often say in EUROPARC that nature knows no boundaries and we, therefore, facilitate international cooperation in all aspects of Protected Area management to improve and conserve our shared natural heritage.
Someone out there has the answer to your question, a solution to your problem, an idea you can use. So connect to the network!
We are really proud that EUROPARC is recognised around the world as a professional network of European Protected Areas providing a forum to share professional experience, collaborate on technical projects and progress common aims.
It’s great working with interesting people who look after unique places and we’d be delighted to welcome you to be a part of it! Hopefully, you’ll find out more as you explore our website! You can also follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn! 
We especially look forward to welcoming you in person at any one of our events or at our annual Conference.
Latest news
A Call to all European Parks and Trails | World Trails Conference
State of play of Protected Areas in Spain
Part one of the 4 Pillars 4 Youth+ Erasmus+ Project
show all
Coming events
European Day of Parks 2024 - Vote for Nature
May 24th, 2024 - 09:00h
Europe
Save the NEW Date: European Charter for Sustainable Tourism Meeting!
October 28th, 2024 - 10:00h
Westport, Ireland
Register now | Developing the European Nature Academy (ENA)
May 14th, 2024 - 09:00h
Villa Revedin Bolasco, Castelfranco Veneto, Italy
show all
Our Programmes and Projects
Click on the icons for more information about our programmes.
1
2
Stay up to date
      Waffnergasse 6, 93047 Regensburg, Germany
europarc@europarc.org
+49 (0)941 59935980
The EUROPARC Federation website is supported by the European Union, in the framework of the European Commission’s LIFE + funding programme of operating grants for European Environmental NGOs. The content of this website does not reflect the official opinion of the European Union. Responsibility for the information and views expressed lies entirely with the EUROPARC Federation.
CONTACT | IMPRESSUM | PRIVACY POLICY | JOBS
© EUROPARC Federation 2024
This site uses cookies to store information. Press accesskey C to learn more about your options.
Cookie Control Icon
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
EUROPARC Federation website uses cookies to optimise your experience. As you continue to use the website, you consent the use of cookies
For more information vist our Privacy PolicyCookie Control Link Icon
Accept Recommended Settings
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality..
Analytics
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytics
On
Off