Skip navigation
Skip to navigation
Skip to the bottom
Please enter the search term for searching into the documents of this website:
Deutsch
UnivIS
Campo
Contacts and directions
Careers at FAU
Friedrich-Alexander-Universität
Erlangen-Nürnberg
FAU
People
Education
Research
Outreach
Many different ways – one destination: Studying at FAU
Vor
Next
Prospective students
Students
Researchers
Staff
Alumni
Companies
Press
Landing page
News
Interview with the new Vice President Education
The Executive Board at FAU has a new member: Prof. Dr. Andrea Bréard. She holds the Chair of Chinese Studies, focusing on the philosophical and cultural history of China at FAU. What are Andrea Bréard’s plans for the next three years? We asked her. Continue
Surveying icy landscapes
Although the two huge icefields in the Andes in South America cover approximately 16,000 square kilometers, an area roughly equivalent to the state of Thuringia in Germany, not much is known about the Patagonian icefields. A team led by Johannes Fürst from the Institute of Geography at FAU is trying to change that.Continue
Exhibition “Beyond Boundaries” in the Schlossgarten
Students at the Institute of Art History have organized an exhibition of contemporary art in the Schlossgarten in Erlangen. The art will remain available for viewing in the Schlossgarten in Erlangen until April 21.Continue
News portal
Study at FAU for a promising future
Choose from over 270 degree programs
Learn more
Studying at FAU
With more than 270 degree programs, FAU offers an inspiring learning environment, student community and numerous opportunities to discover your passion. A lively metropolitan region with plenty of places to go out and get to know other students and breathtaking natural surroundings for outdoor activities awaits you. Choose your future. FAU is the right choice for your academic career.
Study portal
Research at FAU
FAU is a full-spectrum university with a long tradition of research. Long-standing partnerships with international research institutions such as Max Planck, Fraunhofer and Helmholtz give staff and students the opportunity to look beyond the boundaries of their own subjects, network with others and consider questions from different perspectives. FAU encourages its members to think in every direction. This diversity makes FAU one of Germany’s leading research universities.
Research portal
Working at FAU
FAU is one of the largest employers in the Nuremberg Metropolitan Region. Spread over the three cities of Erlangen, Nuremberg and Fürth, our University is the perfect location for research, studying and working, with more than 14,000 members of staff. FAU is always looking for talent in all areas, who are prepared to dedicate themselves to their work at FAU with passion, creativity and commitment. Our job vacancies might have just what you’re looking for.
Career portal
Discover the technologies of the future!
Moving knowledge.
More research at FAU
Get to know FAU
Play
% buffered
00:00
Mute
Enable captions
Settings
PIP
Enter fullscreen
Unfortunately, your browser does not support HTML5 video formats.
Play
FAU - Moving Knowledge
Upcoming events at FAU
15
Apr
Open Call: KNU-FAU Summer School 2024
15
Apr
Start of lectures in the summer semester 2024
29
May
FAU Wunschkonzert
E-Werk, Erlangen
29
Jun
The Erlangen Schlossgartenfest
Schlossgarten, Erlangen
01
Jul
Re-registration for winter semester 2024/25
19
Jul
End of lectures in the summer semester 2024
More events
Play
% buffered
00:00
Mute
Settings
Enter fullscreen
Unfortunately, your browser does not support HTML5 video formats.
Play
#FAUtogether
Display external content
At this point content of an external provider (source: YouTube) is integrated. When displaying, data may be transferred to third parties or cookies may be stored, therefore your consent is required.
You can find more information and the possibility to revoke your consent in our privacy policy.
I agree
Play
% buffered
00:00
Mute
Settings
Enter fullscreen
Unfortunately, your browser does not support HTML5 video formats.
Play
FAU Alumni #MyStory: Aya Jaff, Programmiererin, Bestseller-Autorin und Unternehmerin
More FAU videos



Contact Press Office Intranet What to do in an emergency Reporting errors Imprint Privacy Accessibility
InstagramTikTokTwitterMastodonBlueskyYouTubeFacebookXingLinkedInFAU Community