Listen Live
Adam's Rock and Throw Disc Golf Tournament is this Saturday, 3/30 in Virginia Beach
Home
Media
Rumble
On Air
News
Events
Contests
Connect
About
Rock Solid Deals
Rock Shop
Next Time On Rumble
Monday – You can have my Styrofoam peanuts…Craigslist. Plus, somebody might be giving away a house. And the return of Grand In Your Hand!
In Case You Missed It...
He wasn’t wrong
The News You Missed
There, I Said It! (These are great)
Events
Rivers Casino $200,000 Ride to Riches Giveaway
Adam’s Rock ‘N Throw Disc Golf Tournament
Tim Montana
Tastefully Yours
8th Annual Whiskey & War Stories: Operation Lightning Dawn
National
4 people killed and 7 wounded in stabbings in northern Illinois, with a suspect in custody
Former Sen. Joe Lieberman, Democrats’ VP pick in 2000, dead at 82
Dethroned crypto king Sam Bankman-Fried to be sentenced for defrauding FTX investors
US changes how it categorizes people by race and ethnicity. It’s the first revision in 27 years
Schools in the path of April’s total solar eclipse prepare for a natural teaching moment
Sports
Opening day 2024: What to watch for on the first full day of the MLB season
Warriors’ Draymond Green is ejected less than 4 minutes into game against Magic
Rock Girl
Kristin’s St. Patrick Shoot
Kristin’s Valentine’s Photo Shoot
Beartooth Interview
Polar Plunge Event Photos
News
1 day ago in Sports, Trending
Opening day 2024: What to watch for on the first full day of the MLB season
Here's what to watch for on MLB's opening day.
2 days ago in Lifestyle
Do you want fries with that? Krispy Kreme doughnuts are coming to McDonald’s
Krispy Kreme and McDonald's are getting together over breakfast. The doughnut chain and the fast food giant unveiled plans Tuesday to offer Krispy Kreme products at McDonald's locations across the United States.
2 days ago in Lifestyle, Trending
The winless lottery streak ends. Someone in New Jersey won the $1.13 billion Mega Millions jackpot
Someone in New Jersey overcame the odds Tuesday night and won the $1.13 billion Mega Millions jackpot, breaking a winless streak that dated to last December.
3 days ago in Lifestyle, Trending
The IRS has 940,000 unclaimed tax refunds from 2020 that are about to expire. Is one of them yours?
The federal tax collector said Monday that roughly 940,000 people in the U.S. have until May 17 to submit tax returns for unclaimed refunds for tax year 2020, which total more than $1 billion nationwide.
3 days ago in Lifestyle
Bird flu, weather and inflation conspire to keep egg prices near historic highs for Easter
Egg prices are at near-historic highs in many parts of the world as the spring holidays approach, reflecting a market scrambled by disease, high demand and growing costs for farmers.
3 days ago in Entertainment, Trending
Authorities searched Diddy’s properties as part of a sex trafficking probe. Here’s what to know
In the first nine months of 2023, Sean "Diddy" Combs triumphantly performed at the MTV VMAs, released an R&B album that garnered a Grammy nomination and was a suitor to buy the BET network.
3 days ago in National, Trending
Trump’s social media company starts trading on Nasdaq with a market value of almost $6.8 billion
As Donald Trump's social media company begins trading publicly Tuesday, would-be investors might ask themselves if the stock is too pricey and potentially too volatile.
Now Playing
Pet of the Day
What's Happening
Rock Solid Deal: 7th Annual Revolutionary Beer Festival
A Rock Solid Deal for the 7th Annual Revolutionary Beer Festival at the Khedive Shrine Center in Chesapeake on April 20th.
Win Hardy Tickets
You could win a pair of tickets to Hardy at the 20th Annual Patriotic Festival at Scope Arena on Saturday, May 25!
The Sunday’s Sun Spa Shop Grand in Your Hand Contest Powered by Renters Warehouse
Could you use an extra thousand dollars? The Sundays Sun Spa Shop Grand in Your Hand Powered by Renters Warehouse begins Monday, April 1!
Win Avatar Tickets
FM99 Presents Avatar: The Great Metal Circus at The NorVa on May 11 and you could be there for free!
Military Hero of the Week
Congratulations to the latest Military Hero of the Week. Nominate someone you know who serves to be the next Military Hero of the Week.
Smoke BBQ St. Patrick’s Day
  St. Patrick’s Day celebration at Smoke BBQ!  
Like us on Facebook!
Weather Forecast
Norfolk, VA
59°
March 29
Friday
WNOR FM99 Copyright 2024 Saga Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.
EEO Report | FCC Public File | FCC Applications For assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@tciradio.com
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Data Access Request | Contests & Rules
Non-Discriminatory Advertising Letter | Advisory Public Notice - Non-Discriminatory Ad Contracts
Some images copyright AP, Clipart.com