Skip to content
Menu
info@garrington.co.uk +44 (0) 1223 858310
Sourcing and acquiring the finest property
Expert Property Finders in East Anglia
Garrington are expert property finders in East Anglia covering Cambridge, Norfolk and Suffolk. We specialise in helping clients identify and acquire the right property at the right price, whether that is a city home, significant country house, rental, investment or a holiday home.
Our expertise lies in helping clients find their perfect property and to minimise any difficulties and stress along the way.
Our property finders in Cambridge help clients navigate one of the most competitive property markets in the UK and have an established track record of acquiring homes off-market, both on some the city’s most exclusive roads and in the surrounding villages.
Garrington also have property finders in Norfolk. Based in Norwich but covering home searches throughout Norfolk, we can help clients wishing to relocate to this beautiful area and act as a buying agent to locate and acquire city or rural homes.
We also act as North Norfolk property finders and buying agents for clients wishing to move to this popular and desirable area, where some of the finest homes are discreetly sold privately.
Our team of Suffolk property finders cover the entire county and help clients acquire a wide range of homes from second properties in Southwold and Aldeburgh to country homes tucked away in the glorious countryside.
Our team of Garrington property finders have all lived and worked in the East Anglia region for many years and have an unrivaled network of contacts to help clients save time, money and hassle whilst making well informed and confident purchasing decisions.
Please do contact us to learn more about how we can help you find the perfect property.
How can we assist you?
"We had never used a buying agent and were initially sceptical. We could not have been more wrong – within short order we had received information on over 40 properties – the majority of which were off market"
ME & MRS W – SUFFOLK
Other regions we cover
From a network of national offices with locally based property search consultants, Garrington offers property finding services across the UK.
If you would like further information on how we can assist you, please click on the relevant link below to take you to one of our regional specific websites.
London
South East
South
South West
South Wales
North Wales
Central
East
Midlands
North West
North East
Scotland
Created with Raphaël 2.1.4
Garrington's Suffolk Property Finders definitely made our search much easier especially as the property we did buy didn’t even go to market, so a massive thank you.
DR N
UK Property News – March 2024
Welcome to the March 2024 edition of Garrington’s UK property market review. The start of meteorological spring hasn’t yet created a profound difference in the weather and the same could be said for the property market. The headline pattern of improving conditions remains, but market activity is patchy and volatile in many parts of the UK. Agreed property sale transactions have improved by 15% compared to the same period a year ago. London and the North East of England are enj...
Read more
Latest Blog
29.04.23
10 reasons to move to Norfolk | A definitive list
Read article
28.04.23
Exclusive addresses in Norfolk | The most desirable places to live
Read article
26.04.23
10 reasons to move to Suffolk: A comprehensive guide
Read article
See all blog articles
In the press
12.03.24
Can the chancellor’s measures against holiday lets aid renters and first-time homebuyers?
Read article
12.03.24
Does the chancellor’s clampdown on holiday lets benefit renters and first-time buyers?
Read article
07.03.24
Halifax states the average home price is now merely £1,800 below the June 2022 peak
Read article
Read more
Our Property Services
Our Team
Contact Us
Regional Information
Sign up to the Market Review newsletter
Submit
Social
LinkedIn
Twitter
Youtube
Facebook
Instagram
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap for Garrington Property Finders
Copyright © Garrington East 2024

This site uses cookies. FIND OUT MORE.
OKAY CONTINUE