Heidi Mitchell
(678) 637-2802
BOOK A LESSON
Home
Services
Rent a Golf Simulator
Upcoming Events
Tips & News
Contact Heidi
Heidi Mitchell Golf
Book a Lesson
Services
Rent a Simulator
About Heidi Mitchell
I’m an LPGA Class A golf professional with over 26 years of experience in teaching golf. I can bring your game to a new level by teaching the fundamentals, psychology and functional body movement of golf based on each student’s individual learning style. I use techniques learned from highly acclaimed golf instructors and organizations such as Jimmy Ballard, David Leadbetter, Dr. Gary Wiren, Jim McLean, Dr. Debbie Crews, The LPGA, and The Titleist Performance Institute. I’m on the NIKE golf staff and I’m a TPI level II instructor, US Kids certified instructor as well as a PGA Hope Veteran program instructor and a GSGA adaptive golf instructor.
Book a Lesson
Stop Talking About It and DO IT!
See it, here it or do it! I will find the quickest way to communicate the fundamentals of the game. I use video analysis and send you images and notes for a better understanding. This means you get out on the course playing to your potential sooner!
What You Get…
Golf instruction that lets you understand the how, what and why about ball flight. Learn about the body swing connection and how YOU create the most efficient and effective swing for you. When we are done you will have practice drills and stretching tips to get you better quicker.
The Best teachers are LPGA!
The LPGA student center model teaches each individual. We incorporate the students learning styles with their abilities to create a quicker and more easily understood learning platform.
The Game of Life Through Golf
U.S. Kids Golf Certified Coaches are experts in teaching golf to kids and we make learning fun by using game-based teaching methods and playing from scaled yardages on the golf course.
Titleist Performance Institute
TPI is dedicated to golf fitness and the education of the body-swing connection. We believe golfers are athletes and we use fitness techniques to improve golfing performance.
GSGA Adaptive Golf Program
A complimentary community golf program with a mission to empower individuals with physical, cognitive or sensory impairments to enhance one’s life through the game of golf.
After 26 years of experience, Heidi can lower your golf score!
Heidi Mitchell is a LPGA Class A golf professional with over 26 years of experience in teaching golf. Heidi can bring your game to a new level by teaching the fundamentals, psychology and functional body movement of golf based on each student’s individual learning style. She uses techniques learned from highly acclaimed golf instructors and organizations such as Jimmy Ballard, David Leadbetter, Dr. Gary Wiren, Jim McLean, Dr. Debbie Crews, The LPGA, and The Titleist Performance Institute. Heidi, along with her LPGA Class A status is on the NIKE golf staff, is a TPI level II instructor, US Kids certified instructor as well as a PGA Hope Veteran program instructor and a GSGA adaptive golf instructor.
Learn More
Upcoming Events and Golf Clinics
Contact Heidi Mitchell (678-637-2802) to Learn More! Lessons | Clinics | Simulator | Events — About Heidi Mitchell I’m an LPGA Class A golf professional with over 26 years of experience in teaching golf. I can bring your game to a new level by...
Read More
7 Tips For Women Who Want To Start Playing Golf For the First Time…
Sometimes getting started with golf can be overwhelming to the first time golfer and sometimes even more overwhelming to the first time female golfer. The following tips are shared in hopes that they can help you get started playing a sport that you can enjoy your...
Read More
10 Health Benefits You Receive From Playing Golf…
The evidence shows that playing golf regularly is associated with longevity and reducing the risk factors for heart disease/stroke. And it can boost older people's strength and balance. The sport is also associated with good mental health and improving the overall...
Read More
View All Tips & News
What People Are Saying...
(678) 637-2802
Heidi Mitchell Golf
  Copyright ©2023 - Heidi Mitchell Golf. All rights reserved.
Internet Presence by Main Street Marketing
Get Tips & Promos
Name*
First
Last
Email*