Skip to content
Markets & Technologies
Sustainability
About
Careers
News
Contact
Connecting & Energizing
The World We Share.
High-tech electronics, cell phones, solar panels: None of these can be manufactured without polysilicon. HSC is one of the world’s largest providers of hyper-pure polysilicon and other silicon-based products.
EXPLORE MARKETS & TECHNOLOGIES
News and Stories
Discover the latest company news and how HSC is benefiting global customers and the Great Lakes Bay Region.
HSC in the News
New Opportunities for College Students to Benefit from The Michigander Scholars Incentive in 2024
March 1, 2024
MEDC announces new partnerships with Kettering University, Wayne State University and major employers to promote careers, recruit talent and fill …
READ MORE
HSC in the News
Local students visit Delta College for the ‘Semiconductor Experience’
February 27, 2024
Students from Hemlock and St. Charles High Schools were at Delta College on Tuesday to partake in the “Semiconductor Experience.” …
READ MORE
HSC in the News
Michigan Delivers on Federal Funding for Battery and Chip Manufacturers
February 23, 2024
Michigan grows programs and marks wins in bringing federal funding home to expand semiconductor and battery pack manufacturing It’s never …
READ MORE
We protect our planet and our neighbors.
LEARN HOW
Contact Us
Hemlock Semiconductor Operations
12334 Geddes Road
PO Box 80
Hemlock, Michigan 48626
USA
CONTACT US
© 2024 Hemlock Semiconductor Operations LLC and Hemlock Semiconductor, L.L.C. All rights reserved. Hemlock Semiconductor Operations LLC and Hemlock Semiconductor, L.L.C. comply with the California Transparency in Supply Chains.
Supplier Information Center
Privacy Statement
Payer Transparency Mandate
California Transparency Act
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Do not sell my personal information.
Cookie Settings
Accept