We respect your privacy
Cookies are a common feature of most websites and we use them too. A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded to your device should you agree, to allow the site to function. We use cookies for different reasons including helping you stay logged into your account, measuring your visits on our site, recognising and remembering your preferences. We use analytics to help us improve our services and these are provided by our partners including social media and analytics and these may also use cookies. We do not share your personal information with these partners without your consent. Please see our privacy policy for further information.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details










Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Allow all cookies
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
LOGIN
SIGN-UP
About
Products
Markets
Storage Solutions
Technology
Downloads
Reliable Data Storage for Automotive Solutions
eMMC & SD flash controllers for fast booting storage in navigation systems, infotainment, telemetry, event data recorders, and instrument clusters
Learn More...
NAND Flash Memory Controllers for Industrially Embedded Storage Solutions
Our Flash Memory Controller portfolio supports a range of interfaces and form factors including SD cards, microSD, USB Flash Drives, CF cards, SATA and PATA SSDs, Disk-on-Module and Disk-on-Board solutions as well as eMMC
Pioneers in the NAND flash memory controller business, at Hyperstone we design and develop highly reliable, robust controllers for industrial and embedded NAND flash based storage solutions. We pride ourselves on developing innovative solutions, which enable our customers to produce world-class products for global data storage applications. Our flash memory controller portfolio supports a range of interfaces and form factors including SecureDigital (SD) cards, microSD, USB flash drives, Compact Flash (CF) cards, Serial ATA (SATA) and Parallel ATA (PATA) SSDs, Disk-on-Module (DoM) and Disk-on-Board (DoB) solutions as well as embedded flash solutions such as eMMC. Our NAND flash management technology hyMap is also supplied free and is customized for each flash application, ensuring rigorous fail-safe features and data retention. Non-Volatile storage solutions demands powerful error correction, refresh algorithms, wear leveling, and read and program disturb management as well as many other features to be used reliably, which is why your choice of NAND Flash Controller is so important.
Learn more...
Looking for Storage Modules?
Swissbit develops and manufactures industrial storage and security products with long-term availability, high reliability and custom optimization.
Visit Swissbit
Hyperstone SSD Controller
Flash controller for SSDs and other SATA based NAND Flash storage modules including U.2, M.2, MO-297 and MO-300
The X1 SATA SSD controller is designed to meet the demands of industrial applications, boasting high power efficiency. It features a 32-bit dual-core microprocessor equipped with specialized instruction sets and hardware accelerators tailored for efficient flash memory management. The controller incorporates hyMap®, a customizable sub-page-based Flash Translation Layer (FTL), along with FlashXE® eXtended Endurance and hyReliability™ flash management for enhanced durability and reliability. 
Learn more...
Hyperstone microSD & SD Controller
Flash controller for microSD & SD cards and other SD based NAND flash storage applications
The S9 microSD and SD controller is designed to meet the demands of industrial applications. Its security variant is a specialised security controller designed for industrial applications that demand greater flexibility and additional security features. Together with provided hyMap® firmware and our API which allows for customer firmware extensions, the S9S offers an easy-to-use turnkey solution for industrial, high endurance, robust flash memory drives or modules compatible to host systems up to the SD 7.1 interface.
Learn more...
Corporate
About Us
News & Press
Job Opportunities
Products
Contact
Storage Solutions
Technology
Swissbit
Download Center
Support
Markets 
Automotive
Energy
IoT
Industrial Automation
Medical
Security
Telecommunication
Transportation
Recent News
Research consortium sets standards in the field of open source hardware
25. October 2023
Hyperstone celebrates new office spaces and future developments
12. July 2023
Hyperstone awarded JOSCAR Certification for Supply Chain Security
31. May 2023
Subscribe to our Newsletter!
I accept Hyperstone’s Terms of Use
Subscribe
Quality
/
Legal Notice
/
Privacy Policy
/
Sitemap
Copyrights © 2024 All Rights Reserved by Hyperstone GmbH