Contact
DE
EN
HR
Career
Benefits
Stay Relaxed While Implementing the Digital Vision
Full Service from Integration Matters for Your Data Integration
Whatever your digital vision is, we will get you integrated. Wherever you are in your project, we will make it a success. And we’ll lighten the load on your IT at the same time–to focus on another project or take a break on the sun deck. That’s up to you.
Was auch immer Ihre digitale Vision ist, wir realisieren sie. Wo auch immer Sie in Ihrem Projekt stehen, wir bringen es zum Erfolg. Dabei beschleunigen wir Ihre IT. Für ein anderes Projekt oder eine Auszeit auf dem Sonnendeck. Das entscheiden Sie.
Facts about Integration Matters
600+
successful projects
350+
market leaders as customers
43+
internationally recognized experts
MuleSoft Meetup
You're invited to join our next MuleSoft Meetup in Hamburg on March 21st, 2024. We're offering an exclusive opportunity for the local MuleSoft Community to explore the world-famous Miniatur Wunderland with a visit and backstage tour before joining the meetup.
Agenda:
14:00 Doors Open for Meeting Room
Networking at Miniatur Wunderland (optional)
17:30 Welcome (Kai Grassnick)
17:45 Testing Strategies and Automated Testing with Karate (Andreas Oberrauter)
18:30 Best Practices for Integration and API Testing (Hendrik Siegeln)
19:15 Q&A session
20:00 Closing
📧 Book your space for the visit / backstage tour at Miniatur Wunderland.
Meetup Registration
Success Stories
Integration Matters Turns Customers into Digital Leaders
We have opened up entrepreneurial and technological growth potential for numerous top brands and hidden champions. This is how we have seamlessly networked their data, processes and applications:
Hoffmann's customers benefit from efficient product data management
Europe's leading system partner for quality tools enables its customers to procure faster and more cost-effectively through customized electronic catalogs.
Prospitalia sets digital benchmark in procurement
The leading healthcare purchasing service provider defies resource shortages and supply bottlenecks. Through accelerated and networked processes, it is tapping new growth potential.
Thanks to automated processes, critically ill patients are cared for even faster
Major care provider digitizes its processes so that urgently needed medical devices can reach patients more quickly.
Wherever you are in the integration project
What we will do for you
We find the right solution. Trust in our decades of integration experience and our deep industry knowledge. As a long-standing partner, we are in close exchange with MuleSoft, Salesforce and Tibco. This is how we achieve fast and future-proof results for our customers. No matter what we do, we are passionate about making your integration and automation processes the best in your industry.
Full-Service
We are your integration and automation experts. We support you holistically or as you need us in your projects.
Strategy
Do you want to standardize your global processes and significantly improve customer experiences or even enable innovations by better networking your departments? We implement this.
Development
You want to exchange data in real time with Salesforce, Navision/Business Central, SAP, your PIM, CTI system, Service Desk internally or / and externally? We take care of it.
Operation
You don't have the resources to operate the integration platform? You need reliable monitoring and actionable reporting? You want to continuously optimize and develop your processes? That's what we are here for.
Consulting
You don't yet know which data you need in which processes and what is the best technology for your requirements? We will show you what is possible and will be happy to advise you.
Full service for your data integration and automation
Full service from the integration specialist
Fast and seamless implementation
Proven project success for risk-free solutions
Excellent monitoring of success-critical processes
Cost-optimized projects
German or English speaking contact persons
Free of Charge & Without Obligation
What can we do for you? Send me an email and I’ll get back to you as soon as possible – no later than the next business day.
Are you looking to achieve strategic corporate goals and advance the operational business at the same time? Our integration experts not only ensure that your digital vision is implemented. They take a noticeable load off your IT even during the project, creating new freedom for your team. What can we do for you? Send me an email and I’ll get back to you as soon as possible – no later than the next business day.
Birgit Jordan | Business Development
Let's talk
Member of Salesfive Group
We are now supporting you together with Salesfive, one of the leading Salesforce partners in the DACH region, to realize your digital vision. Together, we make your business processes more efficient, reliable and sustainable, create the basis for extraordinary customer experiences and accelerate digital innovations.
As a member of the Salesfive Group, Integration Matters remains an independent company under its familiar name and management.
Read more
We are looking for you
Strategic partners for your digital vision
Strong technologies for the automation of your business processes

Integration Matters
Overview
Career
nJAMS
Support Portal
Download Portal
Contact
office@integrationmatters.com
Contact Form
Locations
Salesforce Partner
Follow us:
A Salesfive Company
Privacy
Legal Notice
Cookie settings
© 2023 Integration Matters GmbH. All rights reserved.