Skip to content
Home
Tailored Design
Our Clients
The Team
Our Blog
Contact
Search for a course
Leadership and Management Training
Organisational
Development
Young People &
Volunteer Mentoring
Communication Skills & Personal Development
Work Productivity &
Practical Skills Training









Tailored Business
Training & Development
Programmes






Welcome to InterCHANGE
Tailored Business Training & Organisational Development Programmes
InterCHANGE people development provides dynamic and interactive business training programmes in management, leadership and staff development tailored to your specific requirements.
InterCHANGE is a vibrant and diverse team of highly experienced Associate trainers and coaches.
Our Associates are involved with you from the outset, consulting with you to design training and development programmes with significant and lasting impact.
Our passion is to ignite the joy of learning and inspire you to achieve your goals and aspirations.
Our motivation is to facilitate sustainable growth by fostering productivity, wellbeing and diversity.
.
All of our courses are suitable for delivery in-person or online depending on your preference and circumstances.
Please speak to us about the best options for you.
.
Our clients span public, private and non-profit organistions and individuals across the UK including many well known names such as Amnesty International, NEU, Business in the Community (BITC) and the Mosaic Network.
Hear from some of our clients:
InterCHANGE is a fantastic company to work with – efficient, genuinely interested in us as people and our charitable work and offers valuable support and reflection time during training programmes.  Thank you, I would highly recommend InterCHANGEpd. 
InterCHANGE People Development have delivered an effective Time and Workload Management programme for Optivo colleagues over the last year. As a result of positive feedback, we continue to offer this programme to our colleagues
The programme offers pragmatic tools that participants can apply to their daily challenges. Colleagues leave the workshops feeling empowered to make changes and positively assert their boundaries to help them keep on track with work schedules and maintain a healthy balance in their lives.
InterCHANGE has worked closely with us to create a programme tailored to our needs and we’re very pleased with the programme which is engaging and motivating.
“Tara and I had our 4 week catch up yesterday as suggested in our last meeting. It was really good, and we both seem in much better places now with our workloads putting into practise things we have learnt, and also making sure that we both take breaks throughout the day, and I hate to say it but we have both become a little more selfish in telling people no or they will have to wait! So we have both appeared to gain a lot by doing this course, and hope the other ladies have too.”
InterCHANGE: Tailored Business Training Courses For Organisation & People Development
Our business development and work skills courses are organised into five categories to help you find the right training for your individual or organisational needs.
Sustainable Achievement
Sustainable achievement for a better world
Sustainable achievement is the counterbalance to the 24/7 short-termism that plagues business. It advocates congruency, empathy and respect within work as the core conditions necessary for individuals, teams or organisations to grow for the long term. It is about challenging the growth-for-growth sake agenda and re-examining how we lead our organisations and develop employees within them.
Read Karen Tidsall’s article on ‘Sustainable achievement’ in Real Business
Karen Tidsall
Founder & Director
Featured Tailored Business Training Courses
Our Clients
Their supportive, partnership approach and passion for developing people and organisations has made working with InterCHANGE a positive, inspiring experience.
Liz Cox, Learning & Development Manager, Business in the Community, BITC
The InterCHANGE Blog
Recent Tweets
Tailored Training & Development Programmes
Sustainable Achievement for a Better World
© Copyright 2016 - 2024 | InterCHANGE | All Rights Reserved |
Website Design and Development by Webtime
Home
Tailored Design
Our Clients
The Team
Our Blog
Contact
  Leadership Development Training Courses
Organisational Development Programmes
Work Skills For Young People Courses
Communication Skills Training Courses
Business Skills and Productivity Courses
Site Map Of Pages
Request a Quote | Call Us 01629 259668 | Sign Up For Our Newsletter
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok