Ask us a question
Skip to content
facebook
twitter
youtube
Proofing Terms & Conditions | Data Sheets
Home
Commercial Pest Control
Residential Pest Control
Pests We Control
Services
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Client Area
COVID-19 Decontamination Services
> Find Out More






























Welcome to Integrated Pest Management Ltd
Home
Commercial & Residential Pest Control in London and South East
Commercial Pest Control
FIND OUT MORE
Residential Pest Control
FIND OUT MORE
Pest Control London
We safely and effectively remove pigeons, rats, wasps, mice, cockroaches, ants, bed bugs and many more pests. Our pest control services covers all of London, Middlesex and the South-East.
> Read More
Bird Control
We also offer effective bird control and proofing services for pest birds including gulls, pigeons, sparrows and starlings using tried and tested methods.
> Read More
Free Quotation
For a free quotation or assistance in identifying a pest please complete the  pest control quotation form and upload the picture of the pest you need identifying.
> Read More
Pests We Control
Pest Control FAQ
 How Do I Remove a Wasp Nest?
I’ve Got Black Ants In My Kitchen
I’ve got small brown moths in my house
I’ve got rats in my house what should I do?
I’ve got mice in my house what should I do?
I have bed bugs what should I do?
Unlike other companies – Integrated Pest Management Ltd doesn’t ‘cherry pick’ the customer feedback or testimonials they want you to see!! We are happy to publicise all our feedback from an approved 3rd party ‘reputation’ provider. The only control we have with this feedback is the service we deliver!!
Gareth Turner, Managing Director
Looking For Bird Control Solutions In London & The South-East?
At Integrated Pest Management Ltd we know that unwanted pest birds and their fouling cause significant health problems throughout the United Kingdom. Our bird control service is provided to commercial and residential customers throughout London, Home Counties and the Midlands and is carried out in a humane and ethical manner by fully qualified staff. We currently carry out an extensive bird control service to construction companies, facilities management companies, housing associations, the rail network, property management companies, shopping centres, residential and all other commercial premises.
Our bird and pigeon control services include:
Pigeon fouling removal and disposal at an approved waste transfer station
Pigeon spike installation
Bird netting
Pigeon netting
Pin & wire systems
Flock reduction
Hawk kites
Avishock systems
If you are suffering with pigeon control or pest bird problems, we offer a free survey and will provide advice and recommendations to help you deter these nuisance birds. Our bird control experts are here to help you tackle these nuisance birds with bird proofing solutions, bird deterrents and also provide a guano removal service.  There is no call out charge and all completed works are guaranteed. The main areas we cover for bird and pigeon control are London, Essex, Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Sussex but we do also go further afield.
If you have a pigeon control or bird control problem please call us on – 01992 763 776
Featured Pest: The Clothes Moth
Clothes moths are a common pest and will cause damage to your clothing and other similar materials.  Although generally it’s woollen items that clothes moths tend to eat, they will also feed on a wide range of other materials including hair, fur, silk, felt and feathers. Serious infestations of clothes moths can lead to significant damage to clothing, bedding, floor coverings and other articles. > More Details
Noah’s Ark Children’s Hospice
Integrated Pest Management are proud sponsors of the Noah’s Ark Children’s Hospice.
> MORE DETAILS
Share the knowledge!
Pests We Control
Bed Bugs
Black Ants
Cat Fleas
Clothes Moths
False Widow Spiders
Fruit Flies
German Cockroaches
Gulls
House Flies
Mice
Oriental Cockroaches
Pharaoh Ants
Pigeons
Rats
Sparrows
Squirrels
Starlings
Wasps
Since company formation, we at IPM Ltd have been effectively tackling all types of pest problems. In that time we have established an excellent reputation for providing a professional and comprehensive service, tailor-made to meet your needs.
RECENT POSTS
How To Review Integrated Pest Management Ltd On Google Maps
How To Review Integrated Pest Management On Facebook
Commercial Pest Control Kent
What Makes IPM Pest Control The Right Company For You
Is Your Business Plagued By Pest Bird Control Issues?
CONTACT US
Integrated Pest Management Ltd
Suite 202, The Wenta Business Centre, 1 Electric Avenue, Innova Park, Enfield. EN3 7XU
Tel: 01992 763776
Email: office@ipmpestcontrol.co.uk
Copyright 2022 IPM Pest Control | All Rights Reserved
facebook
twitter
youtube
This site uses cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, some of the sites functions may not work correctly.
That's fine!
Deny