This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
Log In
Solutions
Pricing Success Stories About
News & Events
Contact Free Consultation
Monitor, Manage, and Orchestrate
Enterprise IT through Intelligent Automation
  IT-Conductor is a Software-as-a-Service automation platform for remote agentless monitoring, performance management, and IT operations.
Minimize Noise > Maximize PerformanceSM
  Cloud-based Application Performance Management & Automation Solution
Application Performance Management
IT Process Orchestration
Managed Service Provider (MSP) Platform
Cloud Migration Solution
Simplify and orchestrate complex IT operations, increase visibility into system performance, and make your environment more observable, so you can manage them more effectively.
Talk to Us
IT Executives & IT Managers
Effortlessly manage operational risks using the platform’s comprehensive reporting features, reduce efficiencies in your processes, and easily adopt automation solutions to improve customer satisfaction.
IT Administrators & Site Reliability Engineers
Manage systems more efficiently and effectively, enhance observability, and increase the reliability of your systems to minimize unplanned outages and maximize performance.
Business Service Managers & Service Desk Analysts
Align KPIs with your business objectives, proactively manage service delivery, and access real-time data to ensure you are on track with your organizational goals.
Smart Application Management Program
360-Degree View of Application Environment
Root-cause Analysis
Availability and Performance Monitoring
Time-synchronized Troubleshooting Context
Service Impact Awareness
Automated Admin Scripts and Jobs
Solutions
Application Performance Management
Provides in-depth coverage of SAP® and infrastructure components for highly reliable and stable system landscapes.
Learn More
IT Process Automation
Reduce the time it takes to manage your IT operations by implementing automation solutions and streamlining processes to keep your systems running efficiently.
Learn More
Managed Services Provider
Automate your service delivery with pre-built service templates that you can immediately use to improve user experience while delivering services to your customers.
Learn More
Questions
Call or submit an inquiry to our Monitoring & Automation Specialists with any questions you may have.
  Worldwide: +1 (408) 416-2565
US: +1 (888) 666-2899
Request a Demo
Schedule a live demo to see how it works and to talk with a Monitoring & Automation Specialist about your specific need or concerns.
Request a Demo
    Who We Are
We are a company on a mission to help our customers monitor, manage, and orchestrate enterprise IT through intelligent automation. Our passion for continuous innovation has created a platform that provides a robust and integrated collection of features and services to automate and improve IT operations, making it simpler for IT teams to perform their tasks. Designed and developed to support the demands of digital transformation, IT-Conductor delivers time-synchronized intelligence to enable informed decision-making and improve operational efficiency.
We provide an agentless and secure way to manage applications, databases, hosts, and other infrastructure components. We aim to simplify the complexities of managing distributed systems and hybrid environments so that our customers can focus on their core operations. We strive to make our platform more accessible and user-friendly by constantly releasing new features that add value to the overall user experience.
IT-Conductor continued to work seamlessly with Coats during the COVID-19 pandemic to support its mission of delivering critical textile needed for personal protection equipment manufacturing such as face masks and hospital wear, especially when remote management was the mode of operation from a global hybrid workforce.
- Helge Brummer, VP of Technology & Operations in Coats
For several years now, IT-Conductor has been a proven solution for system monitoring, reporting, and automation of SAP IT operations at IDEXX.  The team and platform have been a valuable part of our SAP journey to the cloud.
- Prabhat Sharma, Associate Director in IDEXX Laboratories
As part of Under Armour’s SAP migration to AWS, automation was identified as a top priority to ensure we leverage best practices in standardized deployment and use industry-leading tools to automate SAP IT Operation processes. IT-Conductor fits nicely into the solution mix being an AWS SaaS Marketplace platform and a deep automation specialist.
- Eric Peterson, Under Armour Director (Enterprise Applications - SAP Technology IT)
Our Latest News
Advanced Monitoring for Cluster Environments
Cluster monitoring involves managing a network of interconnected components, referred to as a cluster, within a ...
February 27
IT-Conductor Joins The AWS WMP Program
IT-Conductor proudly announces via EIN Presswire its participation in the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Independent ...
February 20
Uncovering Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities in 2024
In today's interconnected digital landscape, trust in cloud services has skyrocketed in recent years, with companies ...
February 16
See All News
Subscribe to the IT-Conductor Newsletter
First name*
Last name*
Email*
Must use corporate email (no free email providers)
Resources
Trusted Advisory Program
Support
Our Partners
Copyright © 2024. IT-Conductor. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Copyright and Trademark | Cookie Policy 