This website uses cookies to improve the usability and to record statistic data. More information
Deny
Allow Cookies and Tracking
Home
Company
Products
Career
News
History
Blog
Contact & GT&C
Search
EN
Precision drives the universe
Learn more
© ESA–ATG Medialab
On our way to the Moon
Learn more
© NASA
Wir sind Raumfahrt
Learn more
© NASA/JPL-Caltech
space for success
Learn more
© Copernicus Sentinel data (2015)/ESA
Mission enabler
Jena-Optronik star tracker selected by Airbus OneWeb Satellites
Read our press release
30 years Jena-Optronik
Explore
Our #teamspace
is looking for you
Careers
Space history Jena
Welcome to Jena-Optronik
For decades now we’ve been successfully making leading-edge space missions possible "out of space for our world"
As a space company we make an important contribution, to detect and better understand the challenges our planet is facing. Various applications within the field of satellite communication, navigation and Earth observation improve our daily life.
We’re proud to count the world’s leading space companies and agencies among our clients. They rely on innovations made by Jena-Optronik.
As vast as the universe is, there is no space for inaccuracy: sensors by Jena-Optronik keep satellites and spacecrafts stable and on track.  Visionary technology in the truest sense of the word: our space optics & electronics help to generate crucial Earth observation data, helping to improve the quality of life.
What challenges in space are you facing? We are happy to help you reach your goal. And to give you what we stood for the past years: space for success.
Explore our products and solutions
Exploration
Human spaceflight
Earth observation
Telecommunications & Navigation
Space logistics & Debris removal
Space Situational Awareness
Contact Person
"Space is not only fascinating but also an essential part of our modern life. A day without space is not possible – and technology “made in Jena” is always a part of it."
Peter Kapell
CEO
+49 3641 200-110
info@jena-optronik.de
News
Blog
Knowledgeplatform
13.10.2023
Exploring a new world: NASA’s Psyche mission spacecraft equipped with sensor technology from Jena
Jena-Optronik provides autonomous star sensors to Maxar for the attitude control system of the Psyche spacecraft.
read more
06.07.2023
Heinrich Hertz mission launched with star sensors “Made in Jena” on board
Two of Jena-Optronik’s ASTRO APS star sensors enable the attitude and orbit control of the German geostationary communication satellite, which was developed and built by OHB System AG.
read more
All News-Articles
Events
April 08-11, 2024
Space Symposium, Colorado Springs, CO, USA
February 06-08, 2024
SmallSat Symposium, Mountain View, CA, USA
February 01-07, 2024
AAS GN&C Conference, Breckenridge, CO, USA
Phone: +49 3641 200-110
Fax: +49 3641 200-222
E-Mail: info@jena-optronik.de
Jena-Optronik GmbH
Otto-Eppenstein-Straße 3
07745 Jena - Germany
Show Sitemap
Space for Success
© 2024 Jena-Optronik GmbH • Contact & GT&C • Imprint & data privacy