We value your privacy
This website uses third-party functionality and cookies to ensure that you have the best possible experience when visiting this website. By using this website, you agree to the use of third-party functionality and cookies. If you'd like to change your preference, you can do so below. Please note that disabling third-party functionality and cookies can disrupt the website experience.

More details
Necessary Third-party cookies
Accept selected Accept all
Inspire, Empower, Grow
Contact Me Today to Discuss My Artistic Projects
  01423 632995 |  jenni@jennieden.com
Home Planting Positivity Awakening Dance ArtsSpa Art Gallery About Me Contact Me
VISUAL ART AND LIFE COACHING IN HARROGATE
Eclectic Art
As a visual artist, I’m happy to share my various eclectic art projects with the world. Find out more about my inspirational dance project, which centres around a vision of all humanity dancing without fear.
Read More
ArtsSpa
Renowned around the world, my ArtsSpa workshops are fully available to both children and adults, providing a fun atmosphere in which all who attend are able to express themselves and positively connect with their inner selves.
Read More
Planting Positivity
At my Planting Positivity workshops, I help people who are desperate to change their lives for the better.
Read More
CONTACT ME TODAY TO DISCUSS LIFE COACHING SERVICES AND MY WORK AS A VISUAL ARTIST IN HARROGATE, NORTH YORKSHIRE.
Get In Touch
About US
Discover the eclectic art and positivity workshops of Jenni Eden Artist, based in Harrogate, North Yorkshire. I am a visual artist creating commissioned paintings, as well as a certified life coach and yoga instructor. Now back in the UK, I have a passion for creating art, as well as running life coaching workshops that make a difference and keep people positive. I love the way painting makes me feel but have discovered that painting is a process and a path towards my life's purpose of helping other people.
Awards
Best in Category – Wisebear Media, 2013 (Face To Face: Spiritual Journey Through Pain)
Silver Media Award for Non-Fiction – Wisebear Media, 2013
Upcoming Events
Adult ArtsSpa
Western Primary School, Harrogate | 29th September 2018, 11a.m. – 3p.m.
Come and try out our Arts Spa event for adults.
JENNI EDEN ARTIST
Harrogate, 
North Yorkshire,
HG2 0LZ
CONTACT
 01423 632995
 jenni@jennieden.com
Proudly Serving Harrogate
QUICK LINKS
Home | Planting Positivity | Awakening Dance | Art Spa |Art Gallery | About Me | Contact Me | Privacy Policy
View My Art Gallery