Contact Us
Menu
Welcome to Llanhilleth Miners Institute
The Miners' Legacy, The Community's Future
Readability
Brush up your reading and writing skills with our unique adult literacy programme
Food Hub
Healthy cookery classes and demonstrations for adults, families and young people
Join In
About Llanhilleth Institute
The Institute
Our Mission Statement
We are a Registered Charity and Social Enterprise.  The vibrant heart of the community seeking to meet the changing needs of the people it serves, and reflect the vision of the miners who built it.
Find out more
Over 100 years of Heritage
A Proud History and Legacy
Built in 1906 to meet the educational, recreational and health needs of the local miners and their families.  Today Llanhilleth Miners Institute remains a tribute to the miners - their vision, their dreams and their ambitions.
Find out more
Part of your community since 1906
Our Purpose
Delivering a wide range of activities to meet the health, educational, cultural and recreational needs of our local community, spanning all ages and abilities.
Find out more
Occasions, Catering & Venue Hire
Personal, Professional Service
A unique setting for your event or special occasions including Weddings, celebrations, conferences, meetings and room hire.  Our event catering offers a variety of menus to suit every occasion or visit our Heritage Café for a bite to eat.
Find out more
Upcoming Events
Knit and Natter
Apr 1, 2024
9:30 AM - 12:00 PM
The Knit and Natter group are an independent community group.  The group welcomes new members to join them whether you knit, crochet or both.  Please bring...
Find out more
Tea Dance
Apr 1, 2024
1:30 PM - 3:30 PM
Tea Dance is run by an independent community group.  Join them and enjoy the popular afternoon dances that give you the chance to step back in time...
Find out more
Zumba
Apr 1, 2024
6:00 PM - 7:00 PM
The Zumba class is run independently of the Institute.  Please contact Sacha on Facebook at Zumba With SPD for all details and information.
Find out more
Fri
29th
Mar
Read More
Wed
27th
Mar
THE PERFECT VENUE FOR YOUR WEDDING CELEBRATION | Whether you're looking…
Read More
Mon
25th
Mar
Our free 'Fakeaway Friday' course starts April 12th, where you can learn…
Read More
We use Cookies
We use cookies on our website to see how you interact with it. By accepting, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Find out more about about how our site uses cookies
Decline Accept
Our Supporters
Connect With Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Important Documents
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Selectați limba▼
© Llanhilleth Miners Institute Ltd, 2024
Charity Registration Number: 1128924 | Company Ltd by Guarantee: 6056945
Website designed & built by Roseblade Media, Ebbw Vale