My Account Sign In Create an Account
My Cart
Search
Specialists in selling our very own home grown Longhorn Beef
5 week dry aged Longhorn beef
Purely organic grass fed diet
Free UK delivery on orders over £100
HOME BUY OUR BEEF
BUTCHERY OUTLET WHY LONGHORN BEEF
GALLERY NEWS CONTACT US

100% ORGANIC GRASS FED BRITISH LONGHORN BEEF
Welcome To GREAT BERWICK ORGANICS
Mixed Boxes
Longhorn Steaks
Roasting Joints
Slow Cook Beef
Longhorn Pies
Condiments Preserves & Thermometers
Shrewsbury Farmers Markets
There is to be a extra special Farmers Market on Wednesday 27th March when Her Majesty Queen Camilla will be attending!!
We'll then be in Shrewsbury's Market Square again on Friday 5th April for the Shrewsbury Farmers Market (8.30am - 3.30pm)
We always try and stock the counter with a really good cross section of our produce, but if there's something specific you'd like, do please let us know in advance. 
Five easy ways to buy our organic Longhorn Beef
Buy our Organic Longhorn Beef ONLINE by clicking on the BUY OUR BEEF button and completing the ORDER FORM
Click & Collect by clicking on the BUY OUR BEEF button, completing the ORDER FORM and then opt to COLLECT at the checkout
Buy our Organic Longhorn Beef by visiting our Butchery Shop (SY4 3HS), 2 miles north of Shrewsbury, Shropshire. We're open Mon - Fri between 9am and 5pm. 
Buy our Organic Longhorn Beef over the phone on 01743 351939 (office) or 01743 362979 (butchery)
Visit our Stall at the Monthly Shrewsbury Farmers Market (1st Friday of the month) 
At Great Berwick we specialise in rearing English Longhorn cattle and producing some of the finest beef possible.  So whether you're looking for Longhorn Beef, Beef which has been raised purely on a grass diet (Pasture for Life Association), Organic Beef (certified by Organic Farmers & Growers), dry aged Beef (on the hook for 35 days) Beef with a guaranteed provenance, Local Beef or Beef online .... we supply all of this and more.
Reared on the fields next to the River Severn, just upstream from the market town of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, our herd of Longhorns, with their majestic horns, live a relaxed, stress free existence. The calves stay with their mums until they're ready to be weaned at 9 months old and we then allow them to mature slowly and naturally under our care.
The welfare of all our livestock is and will always be, our highest priority. The soil and the natural biodiversity above and below ground are our greatest assets and we farm in the most environmentally and sustainable way in order to protect these precious and fragile resources.  
Using our own on farm cold room facilities the whole carcass is hung on the bone, to dry age, for up to 35 days to allow the meat to further tenderise and develop a rich dark flavour. The intermuscular marbling throughout the meat occurs as a result of slow growth and it's a reliable indicator of quality. These simple, back to basic, factors yield beef which is tender and full of flavour.
We strive to produce the very best Beef and we want to share it with you.
We look forward to hearing from you
Sam and Claire 
Latest News
Countryside Stewardship
This is one block of our 'Bumble Bird' seed mixture which we've planted as part of our Countryside Stewardship Agreement. The mix includes at least 6...
Beef produced naturally
One of the questions which we're frequently asked is 'Do your cows eat corn?' The answer is No, they're 100% fed on herbal and clover rich pasture....
Great Longhorn recipes to try
Read Now »
Contact Us
01743 351 939
'The topside we bought from you was magnificent and certainly the bone marrow we added to the order enhanced out home made gravy. The joint was tender and truely superior to anything I've had before. Your attention to customer service throughout the order process was excellent. Your commitment to the herds care clearly enhanced the quality of the product'
Newsletter Signup
Sign up today for offers and discount codes straight to your inbox
Yes I would like to hear about your offers and services and have read the privacy policy.
Privacy policy
Sign Up
Great Berwick Organics
Berwick Road, Shrewsbury
Shropshire
SY4 3HS
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
© Great Berwick Organics 2022
Development & SEO by Siruss