10718 Old Lincoln Way East
Orrville, OH 44667

1-888-888-8221
Home
Roofing
Siding
Flooring
Buildings
Master Renovations Incorporated
We are a construction company located just outside of Orrville, Ohio. We specialize in roofing, siding, gutters, flooring, and the construction of post-frame & foundation buildings. We have been performing both commercial and residential projects throughout the state of Ohio since 2011.

Our mission is to provide great service to our  customers, our families and ourselves by working productively and efficiently. 

QUALITY YOU CAN TRUST
ALL OUR WORK IS 100% GUARANTEED
Experience
Our team has been part of the construction industry for many years. Company owner Ben Stahl began his construction experience in 1994 as an apprentice for an Amish contractor and has been a business owner since 1998.
Expertise
 We hold the CertainTeed Master Shingle Applicator Certificate, which allows us to offer upgraded CertainTeed 3 & 4-Star warranties. We are also certified Master Craftsman installers of CertainTeed siding as well as certified professional installers of James Hardie Siding.
Who we are
We know how difficult it is to find the right contractor for the job. We strive to restore trust in the contracting industry through common sense business practices, competitive pricing, and a finished product above and beyond the rest of the industry.

BUT DON'T TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT: LET US SHOW YOU THE DIFFERENCE!

BEN
JOHN
TREVOR
Ben Stahl
Owner

I work every day to improve myself physically and mentally. To be the best I can be for all those I encounter. I enjoy spending my free time with my family, working out, mountain biking, snowboarding, and snowmobiling. I am a veteran Marine and have been in the construction industry since 1994. I look forward to every day and am excited about the future for myself and those around me. My goal is to grow and be the best leader I can. I wish to leave the world better than I found it.
Read more


Our services
Buildings
We are Certified Contractors
Our clients say
“They did excellent work and cleaned up wonderfully at the end. We are so pleased with their work that we are having them back to do some other work for us!"
Pastor Mark M.
“Master Renovations is a company that I will be proud to recommend. They kept their word and did what they promised to do!”
John P.
“We are very pleased with the work performed, the thoroughness of the workers and the careful cleanup, was impressive, especially for this day and age of lack of care of workers.”
Janet Y.
“Plain Township would not hesitate to hire Master Renovations, Inc. for any future applicable projects.  Do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions regarding this reference.”
Dennis D. Falk
Let’s talk about your project
Fill out the form,
or call us at
1-888-888-8221


10718 Old Lincoln Way East, Orrville, OH 44667
1-888-888-8221
Our mission is to provide great service to our customers, our families and ourselves by working productively and efficiently.