Country: 
Middle East
Invest
Fundraise
Help
Testimonials
Login
Signup
Connecting Middle East Entrepreneurs
and Angel Investors
Where great businesses and great people meet. We bring together businesses looking for investment and investors with the capital, contacts and knowledge to help them succeed.
I'm looking to...
Fundraise
arrow_drop_down



Get Started
Looking for investment opportunities?
Browse our latest exciting startup pitches and connect with entrepreneurs to discuss further.
Pro
Meta Camel Racing Club
location_on
UAE, UAE
Meta Camel Racing Club - a blockchain-based game about camel racing, aimed at the MENA region. Camel Racing is a popular sport and a part of Arabic heritage. Our games help the development of web3 in the MENA region.
We have a working app on our website https://game.metacamelracing.io/
Positive feedback and growing user base
Partnerships with Islamic Coin and Venom Network
$1,000,000
Total Required
$150,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Pro
GreetAI
location_on
United States, United States
AI-powered video assessments as a pre-screening phase for the interview process. Recruiters can use the platform to reduce time-to-hire and increase candidate experience in just a few clicks. The platform integrates into popular ATS
We have scalable solution ready to be deployed to potential customers
Platforms (https://app.greetai.co, https://boards.greetai.co) launched
Talks with decision makers at DataArt, Majorel, Teleperformance
$50,000
Total Required
$10,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Global Pro
Revolutionizing Pet Care
location_on
UAE, UAE
PetBae is the Middle East's first P2P marketplace platform revolutionizing the pet care space, by connecting Pet Owners and Pet Sitters (any vetted animal lovers) within their neighbourhood for pet care services within a home-based environment.
Post-revenue business! Website and App live!
MENA first-mover advantage, revolutionizing the pet care space!
Positive response- 5000 registered pet owners/ pet sitters!
$1,000,000
Total Required
$100,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Browse business ideas, startups and larger companies from all over the world.
View latest business pitches
Featured In
Join our growing community of entrepreneurs and investors
We help investors and entrepreneurs build lasting and profitable relationships to build better businesses and brighter futures.
$0 - $100,000
Dubai, UAE
I have a Master's degree in Business Administration, as well as a Bachelor's degree in Construction Engineering and Management with a minor in Digital ...
Areas of Expertise
Tech, Food, Strategy, Operations

More Details
$0 - $1,000,000
Dubai, UAE
Forward-thinking, futuristic and innovative Chief Information Officer believing in IT Excellence.
Areas of Expertise
Over 20 years’ progressive and insightful experience in information technology, strategy, new technologies, applications, IT infrastructure, backbone ...

More Details
$0 - $500,000
Cairo, Egypt
I have over 15 years of experience in Marketing and Public Relations in the GCC.
Areas of Expertise
Marketing, PR, Corporate Communications, Account Management

More Details
Our Industries
We connect investors with startups and businesses from all sectors to ensure the relationship is valuable to both parties.
View more industry categories
What our customers say
Over the past 15 years we’ve raised funding for thousands of businesses who have been kind enough to recognise our support:
“Fantastic platform and highly recommended with real investors! ”
Monika Gergelova @ M and M Film Productions
I'm looking to...
Fundraise
arrow_drop_down



Get Started
Latest Blogs
Startup essentials: How to structure your cap table
Global Investor Survey: Positive impact driving decisions while over valuations most common startup mistake
How To Avoid The Dark Side Of Success – 5 key take outs
AIN urges UK Government to reverse forthcoming changes to definition of High Net Worth (HNW) individuals for investment eligibility
Meet the Investor: Christian Teichmann
More Information About
Mudarabah
Investment in Jordan
Investment in Egypt
Investments in Israel
Investment in Kuwait
Investments in Qatar
Investment in UAE
Investment in Saudi Arabia
Musharakah
Navigation
How It Works
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
In the Press
Company Info
Partner Programme
Refer a Friend
Blog
Entrepreneur Pages
Add a Pitch
Rates
Entrepreneur FAQs
Investor Pages
Register
Business Proposal
Investor FAQs
Investor App
BrickTribe - Property Investments
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Refunds
© 2024 Angel Investment Network Ltd - Connecting Global & Local Entrepreneurs with Angel Investors