SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
The newly refurbished Shoreham Property Hub is open!
Read more by following this link. 
Oakley Property (home page)
RESIDENTIAL SALES
RESIDENTIAL LETTINGS
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
NEW HOMES
DEVELOPMENT LAND
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
VALUATION SERVICES
ABOUT OAKLEY
CONTACT OAKLEY
BOOK A VALUATION
FacebookTwitterInstagramEmail
Lower Clayhill Cottages
Lewes
A great opportunity to purchase a superbly presented semi-detached family home occupying a semi-rural location in Barcombe Mills.
Your Sussex Property Expert
We specialise in Sussex property – across residential and commercial, land and new homes.
This means we know the Sussex coast and countryside, with all its diverse charms and characteristics.
As members of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, we combine national expertise with genuine local knowledge.
We’re proud to have built a thriving business through repeat custom and recommendations.
Welcome to Oakley Property
A New Way of Doing Property
We recently expanded into our new head office The Property Works located in the heart of Brighton by the North Laine. In this video our directors Chris, David, Andy and Nick welcome you to a new way of doing property. 
Property Search
Residential Search
Commercial Search
SALES
LETTINGS
INC. SOLD
AVAILABLE
Branch
Brighton & Hove
Lewes
Shoreham-by-Sea
Type
House
Apartment
Bungalow
Garage
Shared Ownership
Minimum Bedrooms
1
2
3
4
5+
Maximum Price
£100,000
£200,000
£300,000
£400,000
£500,000
£600,000
£700,000
£800,000
£900,000
£1,000,000+
SEARCH
REGISTER NOW
Why Choose Us?
Exceptional Service
Friendly and professional, we take pride in our attentive, energetic service. Every client has a team member dedicated to them and we offer a full range of skills making us your Sussex property expert.
Recommendation
We’ve built a thriving business through repeat custom and recommendations. As one client said, we provide ‘maximised value, personalised to your situation’.
Local Expertise
We specialise in Sussex property and as members of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, we combine national expertise with genuine local knowledge.
Integrity
We give honest, straightforward advice. Our agenda is to help our clients to make smart, well-informed decisions. Our aim is always to earn trust so we can build long-term relationships.
Commercial Property
We’re known for providing national expertise with in-depth local knowledge. That  reputation, combined with the high visibility of our marketing, means that whether your buying, selling or just needing advice, we can help you make the right business decisions.
FIND OUT MORE
Marketing Property with Video
Marketing property with video has gone from novelty to necessity.
We have heavily invested in our video marketing strategy to ensure your property is presented in the best possible light. Whether you are looking to sell a residential property, land or new homes, we have video solutions to suit all of your property needs.
Video Marketing
Want your property to be seen? We can help with that.
Residential Sales
Property listings with video receive 403% more enquiries
We take statistics seriously and that is why we have heavily invested in our video marketing strategy. 

Whether we use our in-house video team, or outsource to a video production company for that extra special property, we have video solutions to suit any property.
Take a look at this example of Mariner Point in Shoreham, produced by our in house video team.
New Homes
72% of customers prefer to view a property with video as oppose to static images.
If you want your development to have higher engagement, more click-throughs and ultimately, better sales, then video should be an essential part of your marketing plan.

Take a look at this example of ROX in Brighton, produced in partnership with our professional video production partners.
Commercial Property
Video marketing is just as important for commercial property.
Take a look at his example of Atelier in Lewes that offers businesses a unique premises solution. Not only benefitting from an unrivalled location, but also offering a blank canvas with Class E planning consent.
You can find out more about Atelier by visiting www.atelierlewes.com
Featured Properties
Featured Lettings
Church Place
Brighton
Featured Commercial
Avery Park
Uckfield Road, Ringmer, East Sussex, BN8 5RU
Featured Property
Unit 2
Centenary Industrial Estate, Hughes Road, Brighton, East Sussex, BN2 4AW
What's your home worth?
Take advantage of our free property valuation service.
BOOK A VALUATION TODAY
Oakley Property in numbers
Over 5000
Followers on Social Media
52
Highly dedicated members of staff
4.8
Star Google Customer Rating
£170m
Value of managed Property (£m)
60
Keys handed over last month
Meet Our Team of Property Experts
MEET OUR TEAM
Featured News from Oakley Property
Major Brighton Co-living Scheme Wins Appeal
27th February 2024
Oakley Property joint main sponsors of 2024 Speedee-Boarding Charity event
27th February 2024
Embarking on the Landlord Journey
7th December 2023
What our clients say...
Residential Sales
I couldn't be happier with the service from Jason and the Oakley team in Shoreham-by-Sea. From the beginning they have been honest (an important quality during the difficult process of selling/buying a house) professional, understanding and friendly.
Itziar Caceres - Shoreham - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Residential Lettings
Having lived in Brighton for 8 years, and using 4 different estate agents in this time, I can safely say that Oakley Lettings have been the best. I would highly recommend them and we hope to keep using them for a good while longer.
George Burdon - Brighton & Hove - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Residential Sales
I was not the client but the purchaser of a property for which Oakley was the selling agent. They represented their client admirably and made great efforts to ensure that I was kept fully up to date. And did so in the most friendly manner.
Peter Mettyear - Lewes - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Commercial Property
We've leased business properties four times through Oakley and they've always provided excellent friendly service.
Tom Marchment
Head Office ‑ Commercial Property, Land & Development, Block Management & Professional Services
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688882
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove New Homes
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688881
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove Residential Lettings
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688884
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove Residential Sales
3-6 North Road
Brighton, BN1 1YA
T 01273 688881
E Email Us
Shoreham Property Hub Residential Sales & Lettings, Commercial Property, New Homes
6 Brunswick Road
Shoreham-by-Sea, BN43 5WB
T 01273 661577
E Email Us
Lewes Property Hub Residential Sales & Lettings, Commercial Property, New Homes
14a High Street
Lewes, BN7 2LN
T 01273 487444
E Email Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Client Relations
Copyright 2024 Oakley PropertySite by Proworx