BACK TO ERM.COM
ABOUT
INDUSTRIES
SERVICES
PROJECTS
INSIGHTS
emissions.AI for complex facilities
Uncover new opportunities to increase energy and emissions efficiency.
TELL ME MORE
What it is
Energy optimization is a recurring priority in complex industrial facilities, and industries are under increasing pressure to minimize emissions and deliver against compliance requirements. 
This is where emissions.AI can help.

emissions.AI is a digital solution that gives operations teams insights into the drivers of excess energy usage and emissions hidden in plant and process configurations, operating procedures, plant start-ups and shut-downs and other operational data.
ERM‘s leading digital solution can be deployed in any complex industrial facility in a matter of months, with no new hardware requirements. Our service team can support the setup, implementation and operation of the product.
Optimize your energy efficiency and deliver crucial emissions savings in your operations today.
Endorsed by:
How it works
emissions.AI combines deep engineering expertise and advanced analytics to establish an energy and emissions digital twin for your facility.
Using state-of-the-art AI-techniques, the solution learns from historic energy and emissions performance what is realistically achievable under any circumstances, taking into account dynamic variables such as:
Operating modes & plant configurations
Changes in process parameters
Efficiency and degradation of equipment
Plant and equipment availability
Operational constraints & output targets
An easy-to-use interface lets your team see real-time energy and emissions performance at a glance. It also allows your team to run experiments that test the impacts of your plant configuration, and highlights optimization opportunities they can exploit.
This gives your operations team the opportunity to apply “micro-adjustments” that accumulate major emissions and energy savings over time.
Our work
CASE STUDY
Leading chemicals company uses emissions.AI to reach best achievable energy and emissions performance
CASE STUDY
Midstream and pipeline operator uses emissions.AI to meet their ambition to reduce operational emissions by more than 60%
CASE STUDY
Independent crude oil and natural gas producer uses ERM emissions.AI to support energy efficiency and decarbonization goals
Recognition and accolades
2023 winner
LEARN MORE
Shortlisted
LEARN MORE
2022 winner
LEARN MORE
Tell me more
Want to hear more about this solution? Ready to see emissions.AI in action? Want to understand how it can work for you? Get in touch and our experts will get back to you with further information.
*FULL NAME
*EMAIL
WHERE ARE YOU ON YOUR JOURNEY?
        -- Select an option --
        
        Just browsing
        
        Looking for a solution
        
        Ready to buy/need a quote
        
        Something else
        
     WORD VERIFICATION
Refresh captcha
By ticking the box you consent for your data to be shared with ERM.
SUBMIT
ISO Certification
SHOW
Copyright © 2000 - 2023 The ERM International Group Limited, All rights reserved
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
MODERN SLAVERY ACT STATEMENT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY NOTICE
COOKIE NOTICE
SITEMAP
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All Accept
Cookies Settings