Skip to main content
search
Home
Solutions
Products
Company
Contact
OUR SHARED MISSION:
MAKE. SHOPPING.
SIMPLY. BETTER.
POS TUNING Disco­ver succes­ses
Tobacco
Retail
Brands

MUTUAL TRUST AND GOOD COOPERATION
Why customers appreciate us so much
”
POS TUNING is the best choice for us. We have been advi­sed very profes­sio­nally from the very begin­ning. The imple­men­ta­tion of our projects went smoothly in all impulse cate­go­ries, as well as in the merchan­dise areas that origi­nally requi­red main­ten­ance. By using the feed systems, we now save a lot of time and labor.
Tom Riede­mann
Meyer’s Fresh Food Center

Our success is no coincidence. This is also evidenced by our current case studies in various categories.
CURRENT ARTICLES & EVENTS
Want more? Show all posts
Take a look at our social media channels!
POS TUNING GmbH
Am Zubrin­ger 8 │ 32107 Bad Salzu­flen │Germany
 +49 5222 36965–0 │  contact@postuning.com
                  Imprint
Privacy Policy
Mandatory information
General terms and conditions
P.O.S.
Pushfeed systems
product presentation




This website uses cookies and other features
We,POS TUNING GmbH,use cookies and functions for your customized content.This enables us to personalize content and advertisements,enable social media functions and analyze access to our website.Furthermore,we pass on information on your use of our website to our partners for social media,advertising and analyses,possibly also outside the EU or EEA such as the USA.It is possible that this information may be merged by our partners with other data collected during your use.Note on the processing of your data collected on this website in the USA by Google,Meta,LinkedIn,Twitter,YouTube,SAP:By clicking on "Accept all",you also agree to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art.49 Para.1 S.1 as per DSGVO.The USA is considered by the European Court of Justice to be a country with an inadequate level of data protection according to EU standards.In particular,there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities,for control and monitoring purposes,possibly without the possibility of redress.For more information about the cookies and features we use,please see the Privacy Policy.
Allow all cookies
Only accept essential cookies
Individual privacy settings
Cookie-DetailsPrivacy PolicyImprint