MENU
MEET OUR DOCTORS
Learn Who We Are
DR. SHELLY
When you meet Dr. Shelly and see her fun bubbly personality there will be no question why she became a pediatric dentist. She is passionate about providing quality dental care in a fun and loving environment...
READ MORE
1
2
3
QUICK LINKS
INSURANCE AND PAYMENT OPTIONS
TOUR
CAVITY FREE CLUB
INFANT LASER FRENECTOMY
NEW PATIENTS
KIDS
SEDATION
BRACES
TEENS/ADULTS
WHAT SETS US APART
Welcome to Our Practice
Welcome to Poulsbo Kids & Family Dentistry
 Where your family’s smile is our priority. Providing care since 2001, the practice serves families of the Kitsap Peninsula including the cities of Bainbridge Island, Silverdale and Bremerton.
Dr. Shelly is our Board-Certified pediatric specialists who offers both primary and specialty care for infants, children and adolescents, including those with special health care needs. Our team is trained to help children overcome dental apprehension and gently work to develop a positive attitude about oral hygiene and dental visits. Our services include Pediatric Dentistry, Laser Frenectomy, Orthodontics, Teeth Whitening, Porcelain Veneers and more!
Dr. Mac has been married to Dr. Shelly for almost 30 years and shares the same philosophies with a more conservative approach. He supports his patients in maintaining their oral health and helps aid them to make educated decisions regarding their oral care. He completed his Advanced Education in General Dentistry residency from University Hospitals Case Medical Center in 2005.
Call us at (360) 779-7115 for more information or to make your appointment.

Professional Associations
TESTIMONIALS
What Our Clients Say About Us
"Our daughter loves it there!!!
Everyone at Poulsbo Children's Dentistry was so kind and helpful! I brought my 13 month old son there to his first dentist appointment. They are all about making the children comfortable and taking the time to make sure they aren't scared. He seemed to enjoy being there the whole time. I already have his next appointment made and will definitely continue using them."
Rosanna J.
"I recently brought my two year old in for her first dental appointment. Everyone was incredibly kind and patient. The atmosphere helped ease my daughter's discomfort. Barely a hiccup for the actual cleaning. So happy we found Poulsbo Children's Dentistry."
Taylor E.
"Dr. Shelly is the MOST amazing provider I have ever encountered. She is so full of life and knowledge and truly cares for her patients. I love her. I drive all the way from Issaquah for her! Don’t be a fool, take your kids to her!"
Kimberly S.
"My 3 and 4 year old love going to the dentist thanks to Poulsbo Children's Dentistry. The atmosphere is geared towards kids and they have fun the minute they walk in the door. Dr. Self is wonderful with the kids and explains things to them in a way that they can understand. The dental assistants are amazing and go above and beyond to make sure your kids are comfortable, relaxed, and they make them feel so special each time."
Jamie T.
"We love Poulsbo Children's Dentistry. I felt like a failure as a mom when I took my kids in for their first visit since my 5 year old had cavities, numerous cavities and at least one deep enough to require a "baby root canal". Everyone in the office was so kind and reassuring. We left with a plan to fix her cavities under sedation. I had to get approval from her doctor for this plan and... he forgot to fax the form. So, Caitlyn(I hope I'm spelling her name right) called arms got the form. The day before surgery she called to let me know that my insurance hadn't approved the procedure yet and she couldn't get anyone on the phone. We absolutely had to have this done asap so, she kept trying. She spent hours on the phone trying to solve this for me and was ultimately successful! I cannot express how grateful i am to her! The procedure went great seems my daughter was kept calm and happy the whole time."
Mandi W.
"Absolutely the best dentist for your children. All three of my kids are thrilled when they get to go to the “teeth doctor”! Dr. Self is very knowledgeable and has the latest technology to make every visit as comfortable as possible. We are sad that we have to move away because this place is fantastic!"
Alyssa R.
"this office. For a year he had a different insurance and so they were out of network and I purposely put him in my dental plan so he could go back here again. I felt they were thorough, thoughtful and friendly and any time your kid can leave the dentist smiling and happy you should feel like you have accomplished something. I don't want him to grow up fearful of dentist visits... it should be not a favorite thing but at least a good experience. OK ENOUGH SAID!"
Billy J.
"High quality dental work!
Your staff does such a wonderful and thorough job of taking care of my children and making sure that they understand what to expect after"
Emily M.
"My son was born tongue tied and lip tied. The Dr and the entire staff made this procedure run incredibly smooth and even provided a place for me to breast feed after it was over. The Dr provided her cell # for after hours and even texted me to see how things were going over the weekend.. I can't imagine having this procedure done on my 3 week old baby anywhere else.. My 5 year old will now be switching to this remarkable practice!!"
Caty T.
"Amazing staff and awesome services!
We went in for my six year old daughter to get sealants on her molars and it was smooth sailing! It went so easily, the staff is awesome and friendly, the facility is very nice and clean, we absolutely love it here!"
Angelica H.
"We made appointment for today because janifer is working for today ! We would like her to help us because kids love her very much at the first time. However, when we arrived to there and was other people help us. She is ok but we will still look for janifer to help us during the next appointment. Our doctor is great !"
Serive
FEATURED ARTICLES
Read about helpful topics
BRIDGES
When you lose a tooth, it affects not just the appearance, but the function of your smile. It can be difficult to eat or speak naturally, extra stress is put on your remaining teeth, you’re at greater risk for developing gum disease, your remaining teeth can shift out of position causing bite problems, ...
READ MORE
OUR LOCATION
Find us on the map
19255 Powder Hill Pl Ne Suite 200, Poulsbo, WA, 98370, US
×
+
−
Leaflet | Map data provided by Internet Brands
HOURS OF OPERATION
Our Regular Schedule
OFFICE HOURS
Monday:
8:00 am-4:00 pm
Tuesday:
8:00 am-4:00 pm
Wednesday:
8:00 am-4:00 pm
Thursday:
8:00 am-4:00 pm
Friday:
9:00 am-12:00 pm
Saturday:
Closed
Sunday:
Closed
3607797115
info@poulsbofamilydentistry.com
COPYRIGHT © 2024 MH SUB I, LLC DBA OFFICITE. ADMIN LOG IN SITE MAP