Pripo
Home
About
Therapy
Coaching
Podcast
Resources & Products
Contact
“Example isn’t the main thing in influencing others, it’s the only thing”.
Albert Schweitzer
Book an appointment
Pripo Teplitsky - MA, LCMHC
My work aims to illuminate insights that empower positive changes. Together we will uncover your core strengths and align them with a sense of purpose. This process opens access to deeper fulfillment, allowing you to lead a more resilient life guided by meaning.
My passion is to share my knowledge and experience. To give you tools to navigate your life and relationships authentically.
Learn more
Therapy
Finding ways to navigate difficult stages of life and complicated relationships can be very challenging. 
At other times, exploring and fine tuning ourselves and our relationships in order to experience more thriving is our desire.
Counseling and Therapy can be a vehicle to help you achieve your goals and give you insights and tools for growth and transformation.
Coaching
Wouldn’t it be nice to have a guide to walk through life with? 
Life coaching aims to increase your human potential, personal growth and attain the goals you want to experience in your life. 
As a coach, I help facilitate my clients’ self-awareness so they know the power of change is within themselves.
Podcast
A variation of guest conversations and solocasts helping people forge the awareness and skills to better their relationships and thrive! 
The podcast is enjoyed by listeners in over 65 countries worldwide! New episodes released twice a month.
Discover our new 3-month Coaching Programs
Look Way Beyond into the future — and envision the person, partner, or parent you aspire to become, the person you are capable of being. Sense, feel, and visualize glimpses of this future self.
With the coaching programs I have developed, I can assist you in achieving that manifestation. And If your vision was unclear, that’s ok. Toghether, we will gain an understanding of your habits, hidden wants and desires, and build the freedom to embrace your worthiness to experience who you want to be. 
While many individuals can sense this version of themselves and harbor a desire or inclination toward it, they often lack the know-how to reach it. With over 20 years of experience as a therapist and many years as a coach, I possess the expertise to guide you on this journey.
Discover the programs
“Self-care is not selfish. 
You cannot serve from 
an empty vessel.”
Testimonials
~ Bill
Red Lodge, MT
~ Grace
Black Mountain, NC
~ Patrick
Asheville, NC
Begin your coaching journey, for individuals or couples
Begin
PRIPO TEPLISTKY MA, LCMHC 
77 Church St. Asheville, NC 28801
(828) 712-8398
pripo@pripo.com
Website made by Emma Olyff - contact her for pricing
  Join my newsletter
To receive tips and tools to better your life and relationships, freebies, inspiring quotes, movies, books recommendations, and updates on upcoming workshops, podcast episodes, and my new coaching practice!
Email address
Subscribe