Skip to main content
Customer information for the Easter Bank Holiday
Find out when your rubbish and recycling will be collected and what parking restrictions are in place during the Easter Bank holiday weekend (Friday 29 March to Monday 1 April 2024).
You can also find our opening hours for the Council's customer services, leisure services, markets, museums, registrars, libraries and emergency Council services for evenings and weekends. Read more...
Close
Systems Maintenance - 31 March to 2 April 2024
From 8am on Sunday 31 March to 9am Tuesday 2 April 2024, our online forms for Council Tax, Housing Benefit and Local Support Payments will be unavailable whilst we complete the end of financial year accounting. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
For more information visit our Service Update page.
  Close
Menu
Open search
Our Cookies
This website uses cookies which are essential for this site to work and to enhance your experience. We also use non-essential cookies to help us improve our digital services. For more information please read our privacy policy.
By clicking "Accept cookies" you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
Accept cookies policy
Do not accept cookies
How can we help?
Search
Search
Registering to vote and new voter ID requirements
Register to vote and have your say on who represents you.
Register to vote
Mayor of London and London Assembly elections 2024
The Mayor of London and London Assembly Elections are on 2 May 2024.
Find out more
Need help to get online and confidently use the internet?
We are working with many local community groups and regional organisations to help our residents get online.
Find out more
Services
SVG
Grenfell response and recovery
SVG
New residents
SVG
Planning and building control
SVG
Parking, transport and streets
SVG
Council Tax
SVG
Births, deaths, marriages and citizenship
SVG
Jobs, employment and skills
SVG
Libraries
SVG
Bins, recycling and commercial waste
SVG
Council, councillors and democracy
More services
News
New Council built homes underway at Silchester Arches
15 March 2024
Work begins on new social rent homes at Silchester Arches
Colville Primary School gets green upgrade
14 March 2024
A sixth Kensington school is getting new piping and heating as part of plans to retrofit our borough’s schools.
Read more
Find your Councillor and ward
Find out who your local councillor is or what ward you live in using your postcode.
Search
Have your say on current consultations
Find out about current and future consultations and how to get involved.
Have your say
Discover how the Council works
Discover how Council decisions are made and how you can get involved.
Discover now
Sign up to enewsletters
Subscribe to one of our enewsletters for the latest news and updates across the borough.
Sign up
What was your experience using the website today?
Give feedback
Town Hall, Hornton Street, W8 7NX
© 2024 The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Contact us
Complaints
Freedom of Information
Subject Access Requests
MyRBKC Account
Terms of use
Cookies and your privacy
Data Protection
Modern slavery
Accessibility
Facebook - Opens in new window
Twitter - Opens in new window
Youtube - Opens in new window
Instagram - Opens in new window