Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
AcceptCookie Preferences
Skip to content
Search the site
Join us
Members Area
Menu
Excellence in Forestry 2024
The Excellence in Forestry Awards are the premier forestry competition for England, Wales and Northern Ireland, celebrating all that is best in woodland management, forestry education and learning. This year we are accepting applications from entrants in the Midlands and Eastern England, defined as the counties covered by the RFS East Anglia, Midlands, North West Midlands and Nottinghamshire & Lincolnshire Divisions.
Apply Now
News
March 19, 2024 · News
#ForestDay: 5 Ways We Are Innovating
Thursday 21st March is the United Nations' International Day of Forests 2024. This year the theme is ‘Forests and Innovation: New Solutions for a Better World’. At the Royal Forestry Society we have been encouraging innovation in many ways.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
March 20, 2024 · Blogs
No Masks Are Needed In The Forest
Becky Wilkinson, Learning & Outreach Manager, contributed a blog article on neurodiversity and forestry careers for The Neurodivergent Coach blog.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
March 14, 2024 · Awards | News
Congratulations: Aaron Takes Inaugural Award
Congratulations to Aaron Adal who has been awarded the inaugural RFS Notts and Lincs Division Forestry Dissertation Prize.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
See more News articles
Upcoming Events
June 6, 2024 · Training & Workshops
Introduction to Forestry (Rockingham Forest area) June
This training course will provide a brief introduction to the principles of managing woodland for productivity, for climate change, for biodiversity, and for recreation and wellbeing. It is principally aimed at individuals and organisations who own, manage or help to manage woodlands in the Rockingham Forest area.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Discount for members
June 11, 2024 → June 12, 2024 · Training & Workshops
11-12 June 2024: Forestry for Non-Foresters: ‘Management Plans and Practices’ (Dalby, Yorkshire)
Tutors: Kevin Penfold and Jim Sauter of Penfolds - A very popular and successful two day training course for people who own or manage woodlands but have limited woodland and forestry knowledge.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Discount for members
June 13, 2024 → June 14, 2024 · Training & Workshops
13-14 June 2024: Forestry for Non-Foresters: ‘Management Plans and Practices’ (Dalby, Yorkshire)
Tutors: Kevin Penfold and Jim Sauter of Penfolds - A very popular and successful two day training course for people who own or manage woodlands but have limited woodland and forestry knowledge.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
See more events
Join Us
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Shop
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Forestry Jobs Board
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Donate to the RFS
Your donations make a real difference. Click below to find out more about our programmes and how your gift can make a big impact on the work of our small charity.
Find out more
Useful links
Contact us
Join us online
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Accessibility Privacy and cookies Terms and conditions
Copyright 2021 © The Royal Forestry Society
We are a Registered Charity (No. 306093) and also a charitable company limited by guarantee incorporated in England & Wales (No. 5306975).
Website by Reason Digital