This website uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience and for analytics purposes. Learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Okay, got it
Product
Customers
Resources
Pricing
Log in
Get a demo
Download the AI and Employer Brand Showdown 2024
Bring your Employer Brand and Communications to life
Create authentic and engaging video to attract talent & engage your team with Seenit, the easy-to-use employee-video platform.
Get a demo
to see how you can 2.5x your engagement
Used by leading companies to transform their hiring, career sites and internal communications
Watch how it works
The industry-leading employee-generated content platform
Create engaging and authentic videos that cut-through.
Create professional video 10x faster, without an agency.
Build engaging content for everything from promoting roles to giving team updates.
Highlight your EVP, DE&I and more with curated templates.
AI assistant from project ideas to contributor guidance.
Use for everything from simple 'talking heads' to multi-person narrative driven content.
All the tools to do it yourself, or work with our in-house experts.
Showcase your culture and communciate authentically.
With multi-language subtitles, build your video library and 20x your output from every upload.
Embed into your careers site, or post straight to your channels.
Explore customer stories
See impact you can tell your CFO about
Create video more cost-effectively with impactful results.
0x
Increased career page click-through rate
0.0x
Increased engagement across communications
0%
Increase in employee advocacy
0+
Employees engaged globally
Showcase your culture though employee-video
Did you know 88% of applicants rate culture as a deciding factor in choosing a job?
Video is the most engaging way to attract, retain and engage your employees.
People trust people, so put a face to your messages and empower your team to contribute, create & share on-brand employee video.
Explore customer stories
Empowering your team to create engaging video
Seenit gives your team everything they need to collect, create, share and measure the impact of employee video - no experience needed.
Collect video from your colleagues
Make anyone confident to upload and get great content, with AI-powered briefs and templates designed by our team of experts.
Capture content from anyone in seconds
Automatically collect all required content rights
Our in-built camera and AI assistant help you get the best content possible
Edit & Host
Create brand-safe engaging videos easily, without prior experience. Then host, share and embed in seconds - with full tracking.
AI enhanced brand-safe video editing
Full video engagement stats instantly
Easily embed straight into your career site or intranet, or share to your existing channels
Supercharge your ROI
Build out a library of employee video that means you can get up to 15x more from every piece of content you collect.
Create multiple pieces of content from every upload
Decentralise content creation to wider team
Explore further with creative services for creative expertise and guidance at your fingertips
Explore the product
Used by companies just like yours
Talk to our team for more examples and to see what results you could expect.
Learn how Amazon increased their job page click-through rate by 2x
Read their story
See how Trustpilot engaged employees in 32 locations
Watch their story
Watch how Paypal collected 2500+ ideas from employees
Watch their story
Find out how H&M inspire colleagues across 7 countries
Read their story
Read how Freedom Mortgage brought 1,900+ employees together
Watch their story
Find out how Vodafone engaged 800+ employees globally
Read their story
More customer stories
Is Seenit the right tool for my company?
Book a quick chat with our sales team to see what Seenit could do for your team.
By submitting this form, you agree to occasionally receive guides, tips, and tricks from Seenit. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Frequently asked questions
Why is this better than doing it myself?


Am I in control of all the content?


Can I measure the impact?
What if I’m struggling for resource?

What’s the ROI?
PRODUCT
Product
Overview
Why Seenit?
How it works
Seenit vs. Production
ROI calculator
FEATURES
Crowdsource
Content library
Edit online
Hosting
Quick Edits
Camera
Enterprise security
USE CASES
Employer Brand
Internal Communications
Talent Acquisition
Employee Engagement
COMPANY TYPE
Start-ups
Businesses
Enterprises
Agencies
SERVICES
Creative Services
Customer Success
Video Editors
RESOURCES
Resources
View all
Webinars
Reports
Latest articles
Guides
Awards
CUSTOMERS
Customers
Case studies
Customer video showcase
COMPANY
About us
Careers
Press
SUPPORT
Support
Contact Seenit
Book a demo
Copyright © Seenit Digital Limited 2024.
Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy