Service Design Network
Discover all Chapters
Chapters
Login
Main navigation
Network
Events
Knowledge
Award
News
About
0
Search
Welcome to the Service Design Network
The Service Design Network (SDN), founded in 2004, is the leading non-profit institution for expertise in service design and a driver of global growth, development and innovation within the practice. Through national and international events, online and print publications and coordination with academic institutions, our member-based network connects multiple roles within agencies, business, and government to strengthen the impact of service design within the public and private sectors. Ours is a global, open-minded network, focused on knowledge-sharing, collaboration and exchange.
Tom Castle
Become a Member
Latest content
HEADLINE
Last Call for the Service Design Award 2024 Early Bird
26 MARCH 2024
Just a few days left for the Early Bird submission - enter by March 31, 2024! The Award recognises work of exceptional standard in the field of Service Design from the private and public sectors, as well as academia. We are looking forward to receiving your best work!
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
Touchpoint Vol 14-3 Roundtable | Implementing Service Design
21 MARCH 2024
On April 10, 2024, we are holding a special event connected to the publication of the most recent issue of Touchpoint, the journal of service design. The issue explores practical aspects, challenges and successes in translating service design outputs into tangible, impactful solutions –– successful implementation.
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
Service Design Global Conference 2024 - Registration and Speaker Call are open!
15 FEBRUARY 2024
Super Early Bird tickets for the Service Design Global Conference (SDGC24) are now open for sale. Register early and get a free workshop included in your conference ticket, as tickets are available in limited quantity. And if you're interested in submitting your talk proposal, call for speakers will remain open until March 31, 2024.
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
Join us for the next Service Design Network Next Gen Conference 2024
22 JANUARY 2024
Attention students, young and senior professionals and career shifters: Join us for the 3rd annual SDN Next Gen Conference 2024 held online with the amazing theme: “Infinite Threads: Interdisciplinary Collaboration to Unlock the Power of Service Design” on April 12th.
CONTINUE READING
LATEST EVENTS
SDN ACADEMY EVENTS
Branding for Service Design | SDN Academy
18 APRIL 2024 - ONLINE
What is a brand? How do you define, create and evolve one? And why is it important for service design?
View Event
SDN SWITZERLAND
Webinar "The Early Years of a Design Career" with Joanna Tan Bienz
12 NOVEMBER 2024 - REMOTE
Join Joanna Bienz for a deep conversation about the early years of a career in the design and consultancy world. This is a one-hour webinar where we will explore what future and young professionals can expect from a career in design from someone who just went through it.
View Event
ALL EVENTS
Discover Service Design Network
Touchpoint Journal
Touchpoint is the first and only journal dedicated to the practice of service design. Published by practitioners for practitioners, Touchpoint is essential reading for both newcomers and seasoned experts alike.
Dive into Touchpoint
Local Chapters
Looking to connect with your local peers? SDN chapters are vibrant communities where service designers can connect, create and exchange knowledge on a regional level. Join one of the existing chapters or build a new one in your country or area.
Find your local chapter
Personal Profile
Make your mark! Create your profile and establish yourself within the SDN community! With your profile on our website, you will be visible to a global community of service design newcomers and experts; potential clients, peers and partners.
Meet our community
Community Knowledge
Learn more from and about the individuals and organisations that make up the SDN network. Interviews with members of the community can be found here as well as insights from many more concerning the latest news, trends, tools and techniques shaking up the industry.
We want to hear from you too! Join the conversation by sharing your thought pieces today. 
Browse their latest articles
LATEST JOBS
Business Designer Customer Interaction (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Service Design Squad Lead (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Customer Interaction (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Business Design Strategist
06 DECEMBER 2023 - REMOTE
Provide strategic input on human-centered approaches to designing solutions and delivering business value on projects. Coach designers and business partners through a collaborative design process.
View Job
ALL JOBS
LATEST CASE STUDIES
CASE STUDY
Designing for unexpected and stressful medical situations
13 DECEMBER 2023
Imagine you are on holiday with your loved ones and all of a sudden an accident happens. You are in need of medical help in a foreign country, a highly stressful and emotional situation in an unfamiliar environment. So what do you do?

Service Designer Erik van Zoelen, Noortje Hartman, Eddo Siep, Angelo Verbeek, Hidde Burgmans
Service Provider Koos Service Design
Industry Healthcare
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Experience model for the network of robotic click-and-collect drives
01 DECEMBER 2023
Designing the magical experience that would redefine the delivery of groceries and would become a well-known benchmark for the whole category.

Service Designer Filip Makowiecki - Lead UX & Service Designer - Izabela Styburska - Project Manager - Marta Krokoszyńska - Lead Researcher - Hanna Bielerzewska - UX Writer - Agnieszka Olek - CX Strategist - Dawid Wiener - Research Strategist
Service Provider Cogision
Industry Retail
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Transforming a Mobility Insurance Claim Experience through Service Design
30 NOVEMBER 2023
Managing post-accident emotional stress complicates motor claims. Incomplete processes cause delays, fraud, and communication problems. In KSA, disjointed systems hinder data and compliance. Focus on empathy and integration for improved insurance service.

Service Designer Arwa Hussein
Service Provider
Industry Financial Services
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Early Childhood Delivery Dashboard
29 NOVEMBER 2023
How can we ensure that regardless of the "entrance gate", pregnant women, children aged 0 to 3 years and their caregivers are cared for in a comprehensive and integrated way?

Service Designer Futurar & Talking City
Service Provider Fundação Maria Cecilia Souto Vidigal
Industry Healthcare
CONTINUE READING
ALL CASE STUDIES
Insider Newsletter
Stay updated on what's new in the service design community. The SDN Insider is a regular newsletter delivering a free service design digest, enthralling interviews with field experts, interesting case studies and articles from our library, as well as the most current service design news, job postings and events from all around the world.
Subscribe
What is Insider Newsletter?
Get your personal profile
Become a Member
Full access to all content types Your personal profile in our network Discount on our events 
TO TOP
CONTACT US FAQ IMPRINT PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS
LINKEDIN
TWITTER
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
© 2024 Service Design Network | Website By Rodesk & Webparking