Home
Our Story
Blog
FAQs
Contact
e. info@swaleviewpark.co.uk t. 01748 823106
A Unique Place
Holiday Lodges
Holiday Homes
How To Buy
Park Life
Affordable luxury holiday homes in the heart of Yorkshire's Favourite National Park
Luxury Holiday Homes in Stunning Swaledale
Swaleview Park is a family-owned country retreat, offering luxury holiday homes and lodges for sale in North Yorkshire. We are situated in a stunning riverside location in Swaledale, the jewel in the crown of the Yorkshire Dales National Park. Set amongst acres of natural woodland yet minutes from the Georgian market town of Richmond, Swaleview provides a year round destination for discerning holiday home owners. Swaleview Park is the only place to buy holiday homes and lodges in Swaledale, and with a 12 month* holiday home license, it is a truly exclusive destination. With demand increasing for staycations since 2022, please contact us to discuss your dream holiday home requirements. *Please note that we are a non-residential holiday home park.
  BEAUTIFUL HOLIDAYS HOMES FOR YOUR COUNTRYSIDE STAYCATION
The Clearwater
The Willerby Clearwater 2-bed 2-bath lodge offers affordable luxury, with residential specifications as an option. We love the calming blue shades, the spacious layout, and oak-effect features. Stylish outdoor decking provides the ideal space for relaxing outdoors amongst magnificent countryside views!
FIND OUT MORE
Victory Riverwood
The Riverwood lodge is a stunning 2-bed, 2-bathroom 40×13 foot lodge with incredible design. The beautiful blends of green combine country style with modern-chic. The Riverwood has a boutique staycation feel.
FIND OUT MORE
There has never been a better time to buy a holiday home at Swaleview Park, the only holiday park in Swaledale with a 12 month holiday home license.
Swaleview newsletter March 24!
This month we celebrate Mother’s Day and Easter. There are plenty of events in Yorkshire, from Living North LIVE at York Racecourse (we have FREE tickets to give away!) to Easter on The Wensleydale Railway and chocolate making at Mocha,
READ MORE
Welcome 2024!
There is so much to look forward to in Richmond and the Yorkshire Dales. From the ‘dark skies’ festival, to jazz nights, country walks…and of course inspiration on holiday homes in the heart of Swaledale! https://mailchi.mp/swaleviewpark/welcome_2024
READ MORE
Book a viewing today

Callback request
A unique beautiful location
Book a viewing today
What's on at Swaleview?
Visit News & Events
Holiday Lodges
A holiday lodge offers the next level in holiday home luxury with features including hot tubs, log burners and panoramic views along the River Swale. Take your holiday home to another level with a luxury lodge in a unique riverside location.
  VIEW LODGES
Holiday Homes
Modern and stylish, and fully furnished, our holiday homes are stunning on both the inside and outside. Each is sited on its own plot and comes with a peace of mind warranty and year round maintenance programme.
VIEW HOMES
Swaleview Cottage
Quietly nestled in the grounds of the The Park with completely private enclosed surroundings and close to the banks of the River Swale, Swaleview Cottage is a fully refurbished cottage providing accommodation for 2-6 guests.
VIEW COTTAGE
What our members say about us…
I first visited Swaleview in the summer time,and from that day we could not stay away, and spent many glorious holidays there with our daughter. I will never tire of the breathtaking scenery that surrounds Swaleview, it’s such a relaxing place, our family love every second of their time there. Mr. and Mrs. Carter, their family and staff are all so friendly, helpful and professional there is nowhere else I’d rather be.
Mrs. Darnell, Newcastle-upon-Tyne
MEMBERS VIEWS
Quick Enquiry Form
To receive additional information, make an appointment or ask questions, please use the form below.
Quick Enquiry
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone
Message*
Newsletter Sign Up
Keep up to date with Swaleview Park news, events and offers by subscribing to our newsletter. Please enter your email address in the box below.
Navigation
Home
Location
Holiday Homes
Holiday Lodges
Buying Made Easy
Information
Our Story
Blog
Contact
Privacy and Data Protection
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
FAQs
Be social
/SwaleviewPark
@SwaleviewPark
/SwaleviewPark
Swaleview Park
Reeth Road, Richmond,
North Yorkshire, DL10 4SF

t. +44 (0) 1748 823 106
e. info@swaleviewpark.co.uk
© Swaleview Park 2023. | All images © 2014 Philip Lee and © 2022 Carter.
Website Development by Thrive