Data Centers
Workplace Technology Solutions
Approach
Company
Careers
Contact
Assessments. Design. Implementation.
You’ve got workplace technology needs. We’ve got solutions.
Connect with us
12345
What technology projects are you working on?
Data Centers
Teladata’s experience in the lab and data center realm is unparalleled. With 30 years of industry experience and a variety of industry partners, we can help you determine the best vendor-agnostic solution including the following: data centers, labs, colocation, server rooms.
Learn More
Workplace Technology Solutions
We provide a single point-of-contact design-build solution across a variety of service offerings. Learn how Teladata can help you from start to finish on IT infrastructure, audiovisual, security, unified communications, and cloud projects.
Learn More
Technology infrastructure design and consultation is only the beginning. Introducing our design-build technology solutions.
Teladata’s legacy is in designing top-notch technology solutions that scale and last the test of time. In helping our clients design these solutions, we understand the time it takes to procure, manage, and pay various vendors and wanted to do more on your behalf.
With our Full Service Technology Solutions approach, we function not only as design consultants but can manage your design and build project from start to finish.
As specialists in technology, project management, processes and people; we are driven towards customer success. Our reputation comes from 30+ years as unbiased advocates, ensuring that both corporate and industry standards are upheld.
With Teladata, you work with us, and we handle the rest.
A few of the many clients we have worked with:
Set Up a Consultation
Interested Services
Data Centers
Workplace Technology Solutions
Other
13 + 2 =
Submit
Contact
  (510) 979-1200
info@teladata.com
39300 Civic Center Drive
Suite 390
Fremont, CA 94538
Blog
Copyright 2023 Teladata, Full Service Technology Solutions. All rights reserved. Designed and managed by Firebrand Design & Business Solutions