Download
Support Request
01162438426
Get a FREE Quote
Home
Phone Systems
Broadband
Mobiles
Plans and Pricing
Digital Landline
By Industry
Door Entry System
About Us
More
Cloud-based Business VoIP Phone Systems
An IP Phone System hosted in the cloud for flexibility, agility and powerful call-management features.
IP Phone System in the Cloud: Work Smarter, Not Harder with a VoIP Phone Systems
Reduce Costs & Improve Communications
Get a FREE Quote
VoIP Phone Systems Special Offer
01st JAN to 31st MAR - New Year Sale
Limited Period Only
:
:
:
Days
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
Get a FREE Quote
90 days only
use code: NEWYEAR90
Get a Free Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 Desktop Phone Offer Now
Standard
Complete cloud phone system for businesses
from
£13.95
£12.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
2000 Mobile and Landline mins
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
Click to Dial
Three Way Conference
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
 
MOST POPULAR
Premium
Best flexible teams and departments
from
£15.95
£14.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
Unlimited Mobile and Landline Calls
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
CRM Integrations and Click to Dial
Conference Calling System
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
 
Ultimate
Ultimate solution flexible teams and departments
from
£24.95
£19.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
Unlimited Mobile and Landline Calls
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
CRM Integrations and Click to Dial
Conference Calling System
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
Popular CRM integrations with Salesforce, Zendesk, and more
Call Recording System
 
The ALL-IP Future - Cloud-Based Business VoIP Phone Systems
What is the All-IP future?
For all UK enterprises, the All-IP network represents the future of communication.
As we transition from an analogue, telephony-led strategy to a digital-based, connectivity-first future, new Single Order (data only) connectivity and hosted voice solutions will replace all broadband and voice products that presently run via the existing copper telephone network.
Open-reach announced in 2018 that the PSTN and ISDN networks would be retired in 2025, requiring consumers to migrate to a future-proof replacement product before the deadline.
Learn About The Journey to an ALL-IP Future →
The UK's #1 Business VoIP Phone Systems
Cloud Phone Systems
Need Seamless Flexible Working, Business Continuity or a Scalable System? Suffering from Escalating Costs? We can save you money and enable you to become more flexible as a business, we can help improve the way you work with our phone system.
Get more details →
Remote Working
With The VOIP Shop, you’re opening the door for a seamless remote working experience offering employee empowerment, fluid team collaboration and enhanced connectivity.
Get more details →
SOGEA Broadband
Single Order Generic Ethernet Access (SOGEA) is a new standalone broadband-only product. SOGEA (VDSL) is available wherever we have rolled out Fibre to the Cabinet (FTTC) meaning customers can get download speeds of up to 80Mbps.
Get more details →
Microsoft Teams
Enhance your existing phone system with Office 365 and The VoIP Shop Use Microsoft Teams as your Phone System We can integrate your existing phone system and your phone number to work directly from Microsoft Teams.
Get more details →
Trusted By
How to implement a Home/Remote working solution within 24 hours
The VoIP Shop mobile VoIP calling app for Windows Desktop, iPhone, Android, and MAC transforms any computer, mobile device, or tablet into an all-in-one communication hub that's completely synced to the office network, allowing your employees to communicate with colleagues and customers from anywhere there's a broadband connection, allowing them to be more responsive.
The desktop app runs on your computer's desktop and combines the call-handling functionality of a desk phone with the new ways you communicate today, like as conferencing and web meetings—so everyone can stay connected with fewer devices to manage.
How to Setup Remote Working
Remote Working - Mobile Calling app
One app for everything and for everyone.
Cloud-based calling, meetings, and messaging for teams of all sizes.

You can work productively from your tablet or smartphone with The Voip Shop®.
Make calls, receive faxes, participate in conference calls, transfer files, check voicemail, and initiate web meetings with ease. Furthermore, The Voip Shop is BYOD-friendly, allowing you to use your own device without affecting your professional identification.
VoIP Telephony Systems Integration brings the power of CRM systems to your phone systems. With our solution, you can seamlessly use your phone system to dial contacts and make calls, without ever leaving your CRM. This not only saves you time but also helps you avoid costly mistakes.
See how we integrate with your business
Business VoIP Systems
The Voip Shop’s Cloud hosted business VoIP systems, call conferencing suite, and call centre system products are all cloud-based, freeing you from expensive equipment, complex hardware and high costs. A cloud phone system is flexible, provides features to enhance productivity and efficiency and reduces costs by up to 40%. It allows you to move locations seamlessly and communicate from any device (Desk phone, smartphone, tablet and Laptop)
FIND OUT MORE
Benefits of Business VoIP Systems
VoIP (voice over IP) is the latest form for business telephony. The VoIP Shop will discuss the benefits of VoIP telephone systems and IP telephony to your business. 

VoIP has many benefits over traditional phone systems. Implementing this advanced communications technology will benefit virtually every business. We've compiled a list of the top VoIP benefits into a concise and easily-understood format.
Affordable cost
Top Quality Calls
Easy Conferencing
Access Anywhere 
More efficient use of bandwidth
Upgradable Additional Features
Installation, configuration, and maintenance are easy
High effective communication
Network adjustable
Faxing over IP
Flexible pricing plans  designed for your Business
Trusted by 100,000 business users
Your new VoIP Phone System:
Unlimited Calls
Get Unlimited National, Local and Mobile Calls in the UK.

Lots of Bundled features
Included in your price, you get Voicemail, Call Reporting, Conference Calls, Voicemail to email and a dedicated App for mobile.

Fast and Efficient Installation
It’s easy to install and simple to learn which means staff require minimal training and avoids disruption amongst staff and IT departments.

Business Critical Reliability
Resilience is built into the core of the Voip Phone System. Our telephone systems are relied upon by Taxi firms, Colleges, 24/7 Nursing homes, GP Surgery’s, Insurance Companies and more.
GET 10% DISCOUNT WITH ONLINE QUOTE
Contact Name
Business Name
Contact Number
Email Address
Number of Phones Required



Save Money Invest More
Reduce the amount of money you spend on your phone bill and communications.
Fantastic Apps
With our mobile applications, you'll never miss a call.
Great Service
Unrivalled knowledge backed by expert support.
Reliability
Our Broadsoft based cloud-hosted phone systems are ultra reliable.
Ease of Use
Our cloud-hosted phone systems are simple and easy to use
Local Expertise
Every time, we provide you with the ideal solution.
Explore The VoIP Shop Solutions
Join thousands of organizations using The Voip Shop’s Cloud Hosted VoIP and business phone systems, mobile VoIP applications, web and video conferencing, and cloud call center to communicate better.
VoIP costs 40% less than traditional phone systems

All inclusive phone line rental, phone system, features, support, and unlimited call packages for mobile and landline calls, with wholesale international calling rates.
Trusted UK-based technical support you can rely on

Free support with full management of phone system included. Our reliable and trusted team of engineers is on hand to assist you with technical support at all times, so you can focus on your business.
Designed for the modern workforce in one or multiple locations

Make and receive calls on multiple devices. Employees can work from any location using any device, including a smartphone, tablet or desktop/laptop, with our mobile calling apps.
Set up and fully managed for you by our team of phone system experts

We fully manage the whole process of switchover, from dealing with your existing provider to the transfer of your existing office phone number. If you are setting up a new business, we will set up a new number for you.
GET A FREE QUOTE
Our powerful features improve engagement with your customers
The VoIP Shop provides business phone systems. Whether you’re a call center, school, medical clinic or any other business reliant on a phone system, our VoIP Telephone System features offer a modern solution for your workplace. 
Features include:  


Call Transfer, Music on Hold, Caller ID, Speed Dials, and Phone Directory,

Voicemail system with Voicemail-to-Email allows you to pick up your call anywhere, even on the move,

Reliable conference calling system that doesn't drop or leave you wondering what's being said,

Auto Attendant, Welcome Greetings, and Interactive Voice Response can direct calls to the right person/department,

Call forwarding helps you answer the calls you need to, even when you're out of the office,

Call Centre Management System with Visual Wallboard reports live call stats and provides online portal management.
  We have a team of experts in telecommunications on standby to assess your individual business needs and requirements. These experts can tailor each solution to ensure it covers everything you need and more. 
GET A FREE QUOTE
Phone Systems Kits
Our Product Features
Not only do you get top quality service and reliability, but we also give you the hardware to match.
All orders come with your choice of the following top-of-the-range hardware such as:

 
Polycom VVX400 HD desk phones
Yealink T42G desk phones
Yealink W52P wireless handsets

GET A FREE QUOTE
Our Solutions

Services to help business of all sizes and budgets get better connected. 
Click on anyone of these for further details.

Cloud Phone Systems
Unified Communications 
Phone System
Cloud Call Centre
Call Conferencing System
VoIP Phone System
Business Phone System
3CX Phone System
Cisco Webex Phone System
Business Mobile Sim Only
Virtual Numbers
Door Entry Systems
VoIP Hardware
CRM Integration
Call Recording
IVR System
Microsoft Teams
Business Broadband
Fibre Broadband
Ethernet Leased Lines
Wireless Mobile Broadband


Our Service operates on the UK's Tier1 Network
Tier1 Hosting Location
The Telehouse London Data Centres adhere to internationally recognised accreditations.
View International Accreditations
Call Transmit on National 
Telephone Network
Hosted By
FAQs
Answers to some of our most commonly asked questions…
What is VoIP and what is a cloud-based VoIP phone system?


Are VoIP calls good quality?

What's the minimum internet speed I need?


How does a cloud-based phone system work with my mobile?





How reliable are cloud-based phone systems?




How easy is it to set up a cloud-based VoIP system (and what support do I get)?



Is a cloud-based VoIP phone system secure?



What equipment do I need?




How much would I pay for a cloud-based Business phone system?



Why should I get a cloud-based VoIP phone system from The VoIP Shop??



What is VoIP phone and how does it work?
Are there long distance charges for VoIP?
Who uses a VoIP phone?
Do you need special phones for VoIP?
What are the disadvantages of VoIP?
How is the quality of VoIP calls?
What is SIP Trunking?
Is Call Recording available?




Are Internal calls FREE?
What are the features available on VoIP Phone System?



Downloads
Download the brochure ( 462 KB)

Read about the benefits of Business Cloud Phone Systems       
Our guide to IP Phones ( 5.8 MB )

View our portfolio of IP phones 
Minimum system requirements ( 350 KB)

Is your business ready for Business Cloud Phone System?       
Call our Phone Systems Specialist sales teams on 0116 2438426
Call Us
How to Dial Germany Number from United Kingdom(UK)? Easy Steps
It is easy to call the Germany from the UK. There are only a few simple steps. This guide will help you successfully call your Germany contacts from Europe. It includes the codes required.
Best Dialpad Alternatives in UK 2024 - Reviewed By Unified Communication Experts
We Compared 5 Dialpad alternatives side by side, comparing features, pricing and customer service, here are our findings.
How to Dial Spain Number from United Kingdom(UK)? Easy Steps
It is easy to call the Spain from the UK. There are only a few simple steps. This guide will help you successfully call your Spain contacts from Europe. It includes the codes required.
Explore The VoIP Shop Blogs and News


The Leading VoIP Provider in UK - Customer Testimonials
Our mission is to offer top-quality service that our clients can trust. You'll have your account manager, who will assist you directly. Could you not rely on us to tell you about it? Read what our customers say about us:
“Always there to help our businesses. Even when our outgoing provider had difficulties due to the current situation, the team at The Voip Shop worked tirelessly until the problems were resolved. Glad we made the switch..”
Zakir Daud
Eazi Apps
Click to Learn More
“The team are very responsive and have been since my initial enquiry through to setup and ongoing customer service. Setup was simple, guidance was great. Haven’t had any issues to date with the service and the team have been quick to answer any queries and changes we have required for our business. Highly Recommended!”
Matthew Pitcher
Seven Life Sciences
Click to Learn More
The VoIP Shop is UK GDPR Compliant and Cyber Essential Certified
Through our subscription to Naq, we have met all requirements defined within the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) as defined in section 3(10) of the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018), supplemented by section 205(4).

This page details exactly what we have done to achieve this compliance. If we process your data and you wish to exercise your rights under the UK GDPR, please submit a Data Subject Request using the button below.
Providing Business Telephone Systems for businesses in and around the UK : Leicester,  Peterborough, Northampton, Derby, Coventry, Bedford,
Norwich, Cambridge, Birmingham, Sheffield, Leeds, Bradford, Nottingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Wolverhampton,
Glasgow, Southampton,  Portsmouth, London, Cardiff, Belfast, Edinburgh, Dundee, United kingdom, Healthcare, GP Surgeries and Doctors,
Solicitors & Legal Services, Estate Agents, Manufacturing Plants, Construction Industry, Local & Central Government, Financial Services, High Tech,
Professional Services, School and Education, Remote Working, VoIP Providers UK, VoIP Telecommunication Service Provider, UK Area Code Phone Numbers
Best Broadband Deals & Internet Provider for businesses  and Home in and around the UK : Salisbury
Home
About Us
Phone Systems
Plans and Pricing
Support
News
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
Sitemap
Phone: +44116 243 8426
Email: support@thevoipshop.co.uk
Address:  TheVoIPShop,
Dock, Pioneer Park,
75 Exploration Drive,
Leicester.
LE4 5NU
Follow Us
Get Directions
FREE VIP Membership! Join our VIP email list!


Be one of the first to see some of our latest Mobile SIMS deals, Phone System deals, Broadband and special VIP offers and FREE stuff!

No fee, completely FREE. We do not share our mailing list with others, and , you may unsubscribe at any time.

If you do not wish to receive discount CODES or OFFER, please un-subscribe from email link sent by system.
© Copyright 2024 All Rights Reserved ( TheVoIPShop is a trading style used by Transltr Ltd and TheVoIPShop Limited. Transltr Ltd is an authorized 3CX Gold Partner. )