This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Show details




















Customize
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
AI-powered supply chain and retail planning to successfully navigate uncertainty
ToolsGroup helps retailers, distributors, and manufacturers improve the resilience and performance of their operations with a unique probabilistic planning approach that leverages AI and real-time data from across the enterprise for decision making at the speed of business.
Book A Demo
Previous
[BREAKING NEWS] Cornerstone Building Brands Teams Up with ToolsGroup & River Logic for Next-Level Supply Chain Solutions!
[BREAKING NEWS] ToolsGroup Named Leader in Five G2 Categories Read Now
Next
Trusted by leading brands worldwide
We help companies to:
Realize unrivaled inventory performance to maximize revenue and profitability
Build resilience and prepare for uncertainty with advanced probabilistic planning
Sense and respond intelligently to demand and supply disruptions
Guide smarter decisions with AI so planners can focus on big picture value
Deliver outstanding customer experiences with real-time visibility across the enterprise
Optimize omnichannel experiences with unified commerce
Supply chain innovators from Day One
Inertia? Never heard of it.
After 30 years, our momentum has only increased, and we continue to revolutionize retail and supply chain planning technology – and help our customers accelerate their supply chain evolution.
Discover 30 Years of Innovation (and Counting) →
Customer stories
Discover how customers are navigating the unexpected with ToolsGroup.
Previous
“We chose ToolsGroup because of its ease of use and the scalability of its applications, which made it easy to invest in and evolve with as our company transforms.”
Francisco Javier Fernández, Supply Chain Director

Get the full story →




Next
1
2
3
4
5
Latest insights
EBOOKS & BRIEFS
How Can You Price Effectively During Periods of Inflation?
BLOG
Miroglio Fashion: AI-Powered In-Season Inventory Optimization
Evo is proud of our academic collaborations. This is a way we can conduct research with some of the most brilliant scientists and researchers around the world to build solutions that help businesses compete in today’s increasingly competitive markets through customer-centricity. That’s why Evo CEO Fabrizio Fantini jumped at the chance to work with Harvard […]
BLOG
Wholesale Planning Simplified for Retailers
Optimize inventory productivity across all channels with JustEnough v2023.4 Wholesale channels are no longer a backup channel for retailers. Smart retailers are planning their wholesale channels just as strategically as they leverage storefronts and e-commerce. The challenge for retailers is that many planning tools treat wholesale as just another channel, missing the nuances that effective […]
BLOG
Key Insights from NRF 2024: Navigating the Future of Retail
The curtains have closed on the National Retail Federation (NRF) 2024 Retail’s Big Show, and this year’s event has been extraordinary, with a record-breaking attendance of nearly 40,000 participants from around the globe. Surpassing the pre-pandemic levels of January 2020, NRF 2024 showcased a robust exchange of ideas, strategies, and insights that promise to shape […]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
We’d love to hear from you
Whether you’re curious about solution features or business benefits—we’re ready to answer any and all questions.
Let’s Chat
Get the latest supply chain planning news
Blog
Newsletter
Solutions
Industries
Resources
Company
Product
Customers
Partners
Terms of Use
Support Portal
Partners Portal
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2024 ToolsGroup B.V.