Products
Industries we serve
What is THP
Shop
Resources
Contact us
Login
7-DAY FREE TRIAL





Advanced Database for Hospitality Supply and Pipeline Development

Our advanced database is designed to help you unlock new sales opportunities in the global hospitality industry.  
With access to information on construction projects and direct connections to key players, you can streamline your sales process and achieve success. Use our data to stay ahead of the competition and expand your reach in the industry.
BOOK A DEMO NOW
Discover How Our Data Solutions Can Boost Your Business
Whether you are targeting the hotel industry regionally or globally, the THP database can help your business reach its full potential:
Identify Leads
THP’s filtering system is designed to help you quickly identify business prospects based on your specific needs. Whether you’re searching for new hotel projects in a certain construction phase, a particular region, or of a different star rating, we’ve got you covered. With our intuitive search feature, finding your target projects becomes effortless.
Find Potential Clients
Track down the power players behind 8,500+ projects. Our platform offers information on the key decision-makers for each project: investors, developers, architects, designers, and operators. With the THP database, you’ll have access to invaluable insights that will give you a strategic advantage. 
Increase Sales
For more than 15 years, THP database has been a reliable source of generating leads for hotel suppliers. Our database is a valuable resource for obtaining continuous leads. We provide you with the essential four W’s: Where is the project located, When is the opening date, Who are the key contacts, and What project type (including 4-5 stars, refurbishment, etc.). Our platform has helped the industry’s leading players boost their revenue.
Hear What Our Clients Say About Us
We rely heavily on the data of Top Hotel Projects, which gives us an advantage over our competitors to get into projects at an early stage. Great thanks to the team for serving quick support on additional data. We appreciate THP's cooperation.
Sonja Zdiarsky
Strategic Project Manager at GEZE
Ready to transform the way you work with data?
Try our powerful database for free and experience the benefits firsthand. With advanced search, infinite filtering, and detailed reporting, our database will help you make better-informed decisions.
Start your trial or schedule a call today to learn more.
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
REQUEST FOR A DEMO
QUICK LINKS
Home
Database
Jobs
Contact us
NEWSLETTER
Sign up to receive the latest news in hotel industry
FOLLOW US
THP is a subsidiary of Sleeper Media
©️ 2024 copyright TOPHOTELPROJECTS GmbH – all rights reserved
Imprint
General Terms & Conditions
Data Security Statement

Privacy Preference
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings.
Privacy Preference
Essential
Marketing
External Media
Accept all
Save
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Privacy Preferences
Cookie Details Privacy Policy Imprint