Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing





















Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
Compact & reliable: blister line within 6 months
Are you looking for a flexible, dependable blister line that complies with GMP standards? Do you require it to be delivered within a short period of time?
The Blister machine B 1240 and the Cartoner C 130 can be delivered to you in just 6 months. Contact us for more information.
More about the B 1240
Uhlmann Pac-Systeme is the world's leading system supplier for the packaging of pharmaceuticals in blisters, bottles and cartons. They offer flexible, complete solutions for international pharmaceutical groups, generic manufacturers and packaging service providers.
Solutions from Uhlmann – everything from a single source
Products
Our range of machines includes innovative packaging lines for both solid and parenteral products, from feeding to final packaging suitable for tablets, capsules, syringes and ampoules.
Blister machines
Cartoners
Blister lines
End-of-line packaging machines
Bottle lines
Feeders
Inspections
Competences
Track & Trace
PRODUCTS
Format parts
Services
Digital
BLISTER LINES
The blister lines from Uhlmann – five ways to reliable pharma packaging
No matter whether the BEC 200, BEC 300, BEC 400, BEC 500 or BEC 700: our Blister Express Centers provide right complete system consisting of a blister machine and cartoning module for every batch size and budget. 
Find the suitable blister line
END-OF-LINE PACKAGING MACHINES
Pharmaceutical excellence across the board: seamlessly integrated end-of-line packers
Learn more
TRACK & TRACE
Track products securely and seamlessly – with TRACK & TRACE
Learn more
Newsroom
ALL
Products & Format Parts
Services
Digital
Company
Customer Stories
Products
12.03.2024
Digital PTC 200 Show: Experience our machine highlight on Uhlmann Plaza
Flexible, sustainable, future-proof: The Parenteral Tray Center PTC 200 is made for all requirements in Parenteral Packaging…
Products
30.11.2023
Rust never has a chance!
Active ingredients react with the oxygen and humidity of their environment – some more, some less. CordenPharma deals with a…
All News
Discover more from Uhlmann
ready-for-more-than-one-future.uhlmann.de
Ready for more than one future
3 reasons why parenteral packaging will be more important in the future.
  To parenteral packaging website
To parenteral packaging website
www.track-trace-by-uhlmann.com
Track & Trace
Anti-counterfeiting, product and process security – for maximum patient protection
  To Track & Trace website
https://www.track-trace-by-uhlmann.com/
www.pexcite.com
The Pexcite platform
Comprehensive, modular software solutions for the pharmaceutical industry and basis for Pharma 4.0
  To Pexcite website
https://www.pexcite.com/
We are Uhlmann
Founded in 1948
Around 2,600 employees
19 companies in 14 countries
A pioneer in the pharmaceutical packaging industry and beyond
About the Uhlmann Group
Uhlmann Pac-Systeme GmbH & Co. KG
Uhlmannstraße 14 - 18
88471 Laupheim
www.uhlmann.de
Imprint
Privacy
Information customer and supplier data
Cookie declaration
GTC
Uhlmann CERT
Code of Conduct
Copyright © 2023 Uhlmann. All rights reserved.