National Museum of Wildlife Art
Open Tuesday - Sunday, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. Get Tickets!
Menu
Donate
Experience nature in art.
Plan Your Visit
What's On
Be wildly inspired.
Wildlife encounters aren't just for the national parks. At the National Museum of Wildlife Art you'll stand face to face with lifesize sculptures on our outdoor trail, take in vistas of the National Elk Refuge, and experience wildlife of the world through art of all mediums in our curated collection and exhibits.
Exhibits
Artwork
Events
Benjamin Mkapa African Wildlife Photography Awards
Through April 21, 2024
Bringing Africa to the World, and the World to Africa. What separates the Mkapa Photo Awards from other photo competitions is their core commitment to conservation through categories that are specific to topics of concern in modern Africa.
See the Exhibit
Plan Your Visit
Come for the art. Stay for the full experience.
Between perusing galleries featuring more than 550 artists and over 5,000 cataloged items of animal art, don’t forget NMWA’s on-site attractions.
Dine at Palate
Inspired indoor and outdoor dining with breathtaking views of the National Elk Refuge.
See the Menu
1
2
3
1
2
NMWA is the nation’s only museum dedicated solely to wildlife art, representing wild animals from around the world.
Our mission is to impart knowledge and generate wonder through art and education.
About Us
1
2
3
4
Robert BatemanChief
Stay up to date.
Subscribe to our e-newsletter to stay up to date on what's happening.
Sign Up
Support
Wildlife art provides an opportunity to connect with nature, our environment, and the outdoors. Join our mission to inspire and inform these important connections.
Ways to Give
Volunteer
Western Visions
News
National Museum of Wildlife Art Curator Dr. Tammi Hanawalt Serves as the Wyoming Curator for the National Museum of Women in the Arts’ New Worlds: Women to Watch 2024
On April 14, 2024, the National Museum of Women in the Arts in Washington, D.C., will open New Worlds: Women to Watch 2024. In the...
Read More
National Museum of Wildlife Art to Host Haida Artist Bruce Cook and the Wind River Drummers for Native Line + Rhythm
Due to severe weather and road closures this special programing has been postponed to April 7, 2024. On March 3, 2024, Native Line + Rhythm...
Read More
What People Are Saying
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
"An amazing collection of paintings, sculptures, and artifacts that preserve and celebrate the beauty of the natural world and wildlife. I was thoroughly impressed!"
— Rita D.
Find Us
2820 Rungius Rd, 
Jackson, WY 83001
Map and Directions
Museum Galleries
Tuesday - Sunday, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Museum Shop
Tuesday - Sunday, 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Palate Restaurant
Tuesday - Sunday, 11 a.m. – 2:30 p.m.
Subscribe to our e-newsletter to stay up to date on what's happening.
Sign Up
Visit
What's On
Learn
Support
Collection
About
Museum App
Host an Event
© National Museum of Wildlife Art  •  Site by TMBR
Privacy
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Permissions