Google+
Your Cart
0 items
Your Basket
Us
About Us
Contact
Who is Woolly Babs?
See us on DRAGONS DEN
Christmas Jumper Day
Social
Twitter
Facebook (Like!)
Pinterest
Watch us work
Blog
Your Country
More info
Privacy Policy
Shipping
Payment (all cards accepted)
Size guide
Terms
Press & Corporate
Christmas Jumpers
Baby, Kids, Dogs
Ladies
Men's
T shirts, Aprons
Babs
Halloween
FAQs
prev
next
Christmas Jumpers
...should be handmade because Christmas is all about the extra quality and cuteness handmade brings. That's why our festive sweaters, Christmas jumper dresses, aprons and Xmas t-shirts are made by us. Everyone deserves to look and feel this cute at Christmas:

Who is this Woolly Babs?
She's called Babs and she's really woolly. She only recently discovered a demand for what she makes when people tried to buy an Xmas jumper off her son wherever he wore it. This was a bit of a shock and still makes her nervous. Find out more about us.
As worn by...
Our novelty knitwear has been proving very popular. They've been worn by David Hasselhof and Keith Lemon on Celebrity Juice, by Chantelle and Alex Reid for a shoot, and appeared on the BBC where they were voted 'not hot' by The Wanted!
  V neck Rudolph Christmas Jumper (Beige Face)
60,00 lei
V neck Rodney Robin Christmas Jumper
60,00 lei
V neck Rudolph Christmas Jumper (Brown Face)
60,00 lei
V neck Christmas Jumper Pablo Penguin
60,00 lei
Men's Christmas Jumper Rudolph Reindeer Roundneck Beige Face
60,00 lei
Ladies Christmas Jumper Pablo Penguin
60,00 lei
SOLD OUT Christmas Apron Rudolph Reindeer
119,00 lei
Baby Christmas Jumper Rudolph Reindeer Hand Screenprint
60,00 lei
Men's Christmas Jumper Rudolph Reindeer Roundneck Brown Face
60,00 lei
Christmas Tshirt Men's Rudolph
60,00 lei
Bah Humbug Anti Christmas Jumper Unisex
60,00 lei
Kids Christmas Jumper Pablo Penguin
60,00 lei
Kids Terrence Turkey Christmas Jumpers
60,00 lei
Dog Christmas Jumper Rudolph Reindeer
60,00 lei
Ladies Christmas Jumper Rudolph Beige
60,00 lei
Kids' Rudolph Brown Christmas Jumper
119,00 lei
Men's Christmas Jumper Pablo Penguin Roundneck
60,00 lei
Kids' Rodney Robin Christmas Jumper
119,00 lei
SOLD OUT Christmas Tshirt Ladies Rudolph
131,00 lei
Ladies Front & Back Christmas Jumper Brown Face
60,00 lei
Men's Christmas Jumper Front & Back Rudolph Reindeer Roundneck Beige Face
60,00 lei
Baby Christmas Jumper Rudolph Beige Stripy Rollneck
101,00 lei
Christmas Cushions with Rudolph
60,00 lei
Men's Christmas Jumper Rodney Robin Roundneck
60,00 lei
Order a handmade festive jumper, Christmas jumper dress, t-shirt or apron now to get the bauble rolling!
As well as being head turners, our Christmas jumpers contain a whole host of both practical and silly features that make them stand out among the crowd:
Handmade designwork
Squeaky noses and tummies! 
Jingly bells! 
Bolder and cuter than knitted jumpers
100% machine washable
Age 4 months to XXXL
Men's and women's styles
Extra special feature on the Pablo Penguin Xmas jumpers
Plus we offer cheap and swift shipping to the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and the rest of the world on all our Xmas jumpers. 
We now offer so many different designs that you can easily find the perfect Christmas jumper for every member of your family.
Not only are our Christmas jumpers different, so are we! We're a small family business based in the Yorkshire Dales not far from Leeds and Bradford.
We're all involved in designing, making and even modelling our Xmas outfits. This lets us keep everything a little bit on the quirky side, but also means we're totally contactable.
Get in touch! We can customise a jumper or create something totally unique for you. You might just want one that isn't red. We can do that too!
We take custom orders all year round and it's better to get in touch before October as we might be too busy after then.
Start off by taking a look at our full collection of Christmassy jumpers.
Even more designs for year-round silliness!
We've moved beyond just novelty Christmas jumpers. See what else Babs has made that might tickle your fancy!
Easter jumpers
Halloween jumpers
Christmas tshirts
Christmas jumper dresses
Christmas aprons
Dog Christmas jumpers
Fox jumpers
Woodland animal jumpers
Woolly Babs loves making Christmas jumpers. She'd have to - she makes them all year round!
Here she is showing off a whole year's worth of fashionable jumpers and wearing one of her Christmas aprons.
Woolly Babs loves to sew and she loves to knit. For her jumpers (Christmas, Halloween and Easter alike) she thinks that sewing is better than knitting. She has many a reason.
Babs lovingly sews our jumpers because:
  a) she can give them so much more character
  b) the designs are much bolder
  c) where would she put the squeakers if they were knitted?!
  d) they can be any shape and size - look out for what's coming up later in 2018 in terms of Christmas jumpers... you've never seen the likes of it
Babs has got better and better at making novelty clothing and has been able to keep adding new designs that she develops with her son.
Every year we offer new designs and new twists. These are industry firsts such as
The Bah Humbug anti Xmas jumper
The Transform your jumper into a Christmas Jumper service
The Front and Back Rudolph Jumper
  See how she makes our Christmas jumpers here. Or watch a video of Babs introducing the special features of her Pablo Penguin jumper.
   Copyright © Christmas Jumpers by Woolly Babs 2024
About Us
Contact
Who is Woolly Babs?
See us on DRAGONS DEN
Christmas Jumper Day
Your Woolly Babs Christmas Jumpers are made in Yeadon, Leeds, Yorkshire. Call us on 0113 2506943
Chat