Member Login
About Us
Diary
Trips & Reports
Gallery
Expeditions
Contact
Welcome to York University Cave and Pothole club.
Exploring caves all over the world since 1981.
If you want to experience places few people get to see, wander in caverns six times the size of York Minster and abseil down to 300 metres underground, then come and see US! YUCPC is an ever-growing group of friendly cavers who meet every Tuesday & Thursday in the University Sports Hall at 8:00pm. We go caving every weekend, in the Yorkshire Dales, Peak District and sometimes further a field such as Wales and the Mendips. You don’t need to worry about gear as we have all the equipment and clothing you need... read more
Events
April 19th - 21st
Bullpot Weekend
May 10th - 12th
TSG Weekend
June 7th - 9th
NPC Weekend
More events in the diary...
  Trip Reports
17 January 2024
What a Ledge. A short trip to Rowten
Ethan Griffiths wrote...
Having camped in -4 conditions we were all feeling a little chilly. We queued for some tasty NCHECC breakfast while max tried to conscript some poor unwitting souls to come caving with us. There was significant faff while we took the tents down, but eventually we were on route to Rowten. With our Topo firmly secured in Ade’s boot (who was at the CHECC meeting), Sarah painted a new Topo onto a cave rescue flyer using some tipex. The irony was not lost on us. We dashed up Kingsdale and I began rigging the entrance pitch while Dylan committed murder... read more
  Photos & Videos
11 March 2024
Eldon Hole by Ethan Griffiths
More photos & videos...
For more info on caving for the first time, check out the New to Caving website...
Club Constitution (pdf)
Club Code of Practice (pdf)
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
About YUCPC
Diary
Trips & Reports
Photo & Video Gallery
Expeditions
Contact Us
Join the Club
Info for Freshers

Copyright 2024 York University Cave & Pothole Club. All rights reserved. Photos are copyright to individual members and must not be used elsewhere without consent.
Comments and hyperlinks submitted by members are not necessarily the views adopted by The Club. YUCPC are members of the British Caving Association and actively promote the sport of caving & potholing.
Site by Computer FX